NAME                          INSTALLED                   FIXED-IN                           TYPE    VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY   
acorn                         6.0.5                       6.4.1                              npm     GHSA-6chw-6frg-f759  High        
ajv                           5.5.2                       6.12.3                             npm     GHSA-v88g-cgmw-v5xw  Medium      
ajv                           6.7.0                       6.12.3                             npm     GHSA-v88g-cgmw-v5xw  Medium      
ansi-regex                    3.0.0                       3.0.1                              npm     GHSA-93q8-gq69-wqmw  High        
apt                           1.4.9                                                          deb     CVE-2011-3374        Negligible  
apt                           1.4.9                       1.4.10                             deb     CVE-2020-3810        Medium      
apt                           1.4.9                       1.4.11                             deb     CVE-2020-27350       Medium      
bash                          4.4-5                                                          deb     CVE-2019-18276       Negligible  
bin-links                     1.1.2                       1.1.5                              npm     GHSA-2mj8-pj3j-h362  Low         
bin-links                     1.1.2                       1.1.5                              npm     GHSA-gqf6-75v8-vr26  Low         
bin-links                     1.1.2                       1.1.6                              npm     GHSA-v45m-2wcp-gg98  Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2017-13716       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-1000876     Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-12697       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-12698       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-12699       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-12934       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-13033       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-17358       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-17359       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-17360       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-17794       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-17985       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18309       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18483       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18484       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18605       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18606       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18607       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18700       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-18701       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-19931       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-19932       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20002       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20623       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20651       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20671       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20673       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-20712       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-9138        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2018-9996        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-1010180     Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-1010204     Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-12972       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-14250       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-14444       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-17450       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-17451       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9070        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9071        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9073        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9074        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9075        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2019-9077        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-16590       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-16591       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-16592       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-16593       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-16599       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35448       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35493       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35494       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35495       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35496       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2020-35507       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-20197       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-20284       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-20294       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-3487        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-3530        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-3549        Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-45078       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                                                         deb     CVE-2021-46195       Negligible  
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12448       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12449       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12450       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12451       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12452       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12453       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12454       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12455       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12456       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12457       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12458       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12459       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12799       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12967       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-13710       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-13757       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14128       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14129       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14130       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14333       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14529       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14729       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14745       High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14930       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14932       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14933       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14934       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14938       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14939       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14940       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-14974       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15020       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15021       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15022       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15023       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15024       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15025       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15225       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15938       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-15996       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16826       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16827       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16828       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16829       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16830       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16831       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-16832       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17080       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17121       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17122       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17123       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17124       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17125       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-17126       Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9038        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9039        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9040        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9041        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9042        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9043        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9044        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9742        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9743        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9744        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9745        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9746        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9747        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9748        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9749        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9750        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9751        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9752        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9753        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9754        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9755        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9756        Low         
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9954        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9955        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-10372       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-10373       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-10534       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-10535       Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6323        High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6543        High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6759        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6872        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7208        High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7568        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7569        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7570        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7642        Medium      
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7643        High        
binutils                      2.28-5                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-8945        Low         
bsdutils                      1:2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                              deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
bsdutils                      1:2.29.2-1+deb9u1           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
bsdutils                      1:2.29.2-1+deb9u1           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
bzip2                         1.0.6-8.1                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-12900       Critical    
cached-path-relative          1.0.2                       1.1.0                              npm     GHSA-wg6g-ppvx-927h  High        
chownr                        1.0.1                       1.1.0                              npm     GHSA-c6rq-rjc2-86v2  Low         
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.43.4-2                (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1304        High        
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.43.4-2                1.43.4-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.43.4-2                1.43.4-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
coreutils                     8.26-3                                                         deb     CVE-2017-18018       Negligible  
coreutils                     8.26-3                      (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2781        Low         
cpp-6                         6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22922       Negligible  
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22923       Negligible  
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-22576       High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27774       Medium      
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27776       Medium      
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27781       High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27782       High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32206       Unknown     
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32208       Unknown     
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5436        High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5481        Critical    
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5482        Critical    
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u11                   deb     CVE-2020-8177        High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u12                   deb     CVE-2020-8231        High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8284        Low         
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8285        High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8286        High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u14                   deb     CVE-2021-22876       Medium      
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22898       Low         
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22924       Low         
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22946       High        
curl                          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22947       Medium      
decode-uri-component          0.2.0                                                          npm     CVE-2022-38900       High        
decode-uri-component          0.2.0                       0.2.1                              npm     GHSA-w573-4hg7-7wgq  Low         
dirmngr                       2.1.18-8~deb9u4                                                deb     CVE-2022-34903       Unknown     
dirmngr                       2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000858     High        
dirmngr                       2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-9234        Low         
dirmngr                       2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
dot-prop                      4.2.0                       4.2.1                              npm     GHSA-ff7x-qrg7-qggm  High        
dpkg                          1.18.25                     1.18.26                            deb     CVE-2022-1664        Critical    
dpkg-dev                      1.18.25                     1.18.26                            deb     CVE-2022-1664        Critical    
e2fslibs                      1.43.4-2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1304        High        
e2fslibs                      1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
e2fslibs                      1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
e2fsprogs                     1.43.4-2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1304        High        
e2fsprogs                     1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
e2fsprogs                     1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
editor                        1.0.0                                                          npm     CVE-2015-0903        High        
elliptic                      6.4.1                       6.5.3                              npm     GHSA-vh7m-p724-62c2  High        
elliptic                      6.4.1                       6.5.4                              npm     GHSA-r9p9-mrjm-926w  Medium      
events                        2.1.0                                                          npm     CVE-2018-25076       Critical    
file                          1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8905        Medium      
file                          1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8907        High        
file                          1:5.30-1+deb9u2             1:5.30-1+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2019-18218       Critical    
fstream                       1.0.11                      1.0.12                             npm     GHSA-xf7w-r453-m56c  High        
g++-6                         6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
gcc-6                         6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
gcc-6-base                    6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-2870        Negligible  
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-6311        Negligible  
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0               2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-11464       High        
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0               2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2017-15298       Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2018-1000021     Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1350        Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1351        Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1354        Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2022-24975       Negligible  
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-21300       High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-40330       High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-24765       High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1348        Low         
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1349        High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1352        High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1353        Critical    
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1387        High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u6                  deb     CVE-2020-5260        High        
git                           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u7                  deb     CVE-2020-11008       High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2017-15298       Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2018-1000021     Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1350        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1351        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2019-1354        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4                                              deb     CVE-2022-24975       Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-21300       High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-40330       High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-24765       High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1348        Low         
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1349        High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1352        High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1353        Critical    
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u5                  deb     CVE-2019-1387        High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u6                  deb     CVE-2020-5260        High        
git-man                       1:2.11.0-3+deb9u4           1:2.11.0-3+deb9u7                  deb     CVE-2020-11008       High        
gnupg                         2.1.18-8~deb9u4                                                deb     CVE-2022-34903       Unknown     
gnupg                         2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000858     High        
gnupg                         2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-9234        Low         
gnupg                         2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
gnupg-agent                   2.1.18-8~deb9u4                                                deb     CVE-2022-34903       Unknown     
gnupg-agent                   2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000858     High        
gnupg-agent                   2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-9234        Low         
gnupg-agent                   2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
got                           6.7.1                       11.8.5                             npm     GHSA-pfrx-2q88-qq97  Medium      
gpgv                          2.1.18-8~deb9u4                                                deb     CVE-2022-34903       Unknown     
gpgv                          2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000858     High        
gpgv                          2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-9234        Low         
gpgv                          2.1.18-8~deb9u4             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
gzip                          1.6-5+b1                    1.6-5+deb9u1                       deb     CVE-2022-1271        Unknown     
hosted-git-info               2.7.1                                                          npm     CVE-2021-23362       Medium      
hosted-git-info               2.7.1                       2.8.9                              npm     GHSA-43f8-2h32-f4cj  Medium      
https-proxy-agent             2.2.1                       2.2.3                              npm     GHSA-pc5p-h8pf-mvwp  Medium      
icu-devtools                  57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u4                      deb     CVE-2020-10531       High        
icu-devtools                  57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u5                      deb     CVE-2020-21913       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick-6-common          8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
ini                           1.3.5                       1.3.6                              npm     GHSA-qqgx-2p2h-9c37  High        
jquery                        3.3.1                                                          npm     CVE-2007-2379        Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                                                          npm     CVE-2019-11358       Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                                                          npm     CVE-2020-11022       Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                                                          npm     CVE-2020-11023       Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                       3.4.0                              npm     GHSA-6c3j-c64m-qhgq  Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                       3.5.0                              npm     GHSA-gxr4-xjj5-5px2  Medium      
jquery                        3.3.1                       3.5.0                              npm     GHSA-jpcq-cgw6-v4j6  Medium      
jsdom                         13.1.0                                                         npm     CVE-2021-20066       Medium      
jsdom                         13.1.0                      16.5.0                             npm     GHSA-f4c9-cqv8-9v98  Medium      
json-schema                   0.2.3                                                          npm     CVE-2021-3918        Critical    
json-schema                   0.2.3                       0.4.0                              npm     GHSA-896r-f27r-55mw  Critical    
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
krb5-multidev                 1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libapr1                       1.5.2-5                     1.5.2-5+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2017-12613       High        
libaprutil1                   1.5.4-3                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12618       Low         
libapt-pkg5.0                 1.4.9                                                          deb     CVE-2011-3374        Negligible  
libapt-pkg5.0                 1.4.9                       1.4.10                             deb     CVE-2020-3810        Medium      
libapt-pkg5.0                 1.4.9                       1.4.11                             deb     CVE-2020-27350       Medium      
libasan3                      6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libatomic1                    6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libavahi-client3              0.6.32-2                                                       deb     CVE-2017-6519        Negligible  
libavahi-client3              0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-26720       High        
libavahi-client3              0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-3468        Medium      
libavahi-common-data          0.6.32-2                                                       deb     CVE-2017-6519        Negligible  
libavahi-common-data          0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-26720       High        
libavahi-common-data          0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-3468        Medium      
libavahi-common3              0.6.32-2                                                       deb     CVE-2017-6519        Negligible  
libavahi-common3              0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-26720       High        
libavahi-common3              0.6.32-2                    0.6.32-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-3468        Medium      
libblkid1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
libblkid1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libblkid1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
libbsd0                       0.8.3-1                     0.8.3-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-20367       Critical    
libbz2-1.0                    1.0.6-8.1                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-12900       Critical    
libbz2-dev                    1.0.6-8.1                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-12900       Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2009-5155        High        
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6485        Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6551        Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19126       Low         
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-25013       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9169        Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-10029       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1751        High        
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1752        High        
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27618       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-6096        Low         
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-27645       Low         
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3326        High        
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33574       Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35942       Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3999        Unknown     
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23218       Critical    
libc-bin                      2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23219       Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2009-5155        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6485        Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6551        Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19126       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-25013       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9169        Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-10029       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1751        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1752        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27618       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-6096        Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-27645       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3326        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33574       Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35942       Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3999        Unknown     
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23218       Critical    
libc-dev-bin                  2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23219       Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2009-5155        High        
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6485        Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6551        Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19126       Low         
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-25013       Medium      
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9169        Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-10029       Medium      
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1751        High        
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1752        High        
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27618       Medium      
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-6096        Low         
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-27645       Low         
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3326        High        
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33574       Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35942       Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3999        Unknown     
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23218       Critical    
libc6                         2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23219       Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2009-5155        High        
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6485        Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6551        Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19126       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-25013       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9169        Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-10029       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1751        High        
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1752        High        
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27618       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-6096        Low         
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-27645       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3326        High        
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33574       Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35942       Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3999        Unknown     
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23218       Critical    
libc6-dev                     2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23219       Critical    
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.8-1                    1.14.8-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-35492       High        
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.8-1                    1.14.8-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-35492       High        
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.8-1                    1.14.8-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-35492       High        
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.8-1                    1.14.8-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-35492       High        
libcc1-0                      6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libcdt5                       2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libcdt5                       2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libcdt5                       2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libcdt5                       2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libcilkrts5                   6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libcomerr2                    1.43.4-2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1304        High        
libcomerr2                    1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
libcomerr2                    1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
libcroco3                     0.6.11-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-8834        Low         
libcroco3                     0.6.11-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-8871        Low         
libcroco3                     0.6.11-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-12825       Low         
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3                                                 deb     CVE-2014-8166        Negligible  
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2019-2180        Medium      
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2019-8675        High        
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2019-8696        High        
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-2228        Medium      
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2019-8842        Low         
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-3898        High        
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-10001       Medium      
libcups2                      2.2.1-8+deb9u3              2.2.1-8+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-26691       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22922       Negligible  
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22923       Negligible  
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-22576       High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27774       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27776       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27781       High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27782       High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32206       Unknown     
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32208       Unknown     
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5436        High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5481        Critical    
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5482        Critical    
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u11                   deb     CVE-2020-8177        High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u12                   deb     CVE-2020-8231        High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8284        Low         
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8285        High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8286        High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u14                   deb     CVE-2021-22876       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22898       Low         
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22924       Low         
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22946       High        
libcurl3                      7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22947       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22922       Negligible  
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22923       Negligible  
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-22576       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27774       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27776       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27781       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27782       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32206       Unknown     
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32208       Unknown     
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5436        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5481        Critical    
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5482        Critical    
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u11                   deb     CVE-2020-8177        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u12                   deb     CVE-2020-8231        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8284        Low         
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8285        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8286        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u14                   deb     CVE-2021-22876       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22898       Low         
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22924       Low         
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22946       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22947       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22922       Negligible  
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2021-22923       Negligible  
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-22576       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27774       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27776       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27781       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-27782       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32206       Unknown     
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9                                                deb     CVE-2022-32208       Unknown     
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5436        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5481        Critical    
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u10                   deb     CVE-2019-5482        Critical    
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u11                   deb     CVE-2020-8177        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u12                   deb     CVE-2020-8231        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8284        Low         
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8285        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u13                   deb     CVE-2020-8286        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u14                   deb     CVE-2021-22876       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22898       Low         
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u15                   deb     CVE-2021-22924       Low         
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22946       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.52.1-5+deb9u9             7.52.1-5+deb9u16                   deb     CVE-2021-22947       Medium      
libdb5.3                      5.3.28-12+deb9u1            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8457        Critical    
libdb5.3-dev                  5.3.28-12+deb9u1            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8457        Critical    
libdbus-1-3                   1.10.26-0+deb9u1            1.10.28-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-12749       High        
libdbus-1-3                   1.10.26-0+deb9u1            1.10.32-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12049       Medium      
libdbus-1-3                   1.10.26-0+deb9u1            1.10.32-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-35512       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-18804       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32490       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32491       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32492       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32493       High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-3500        High        
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u2                  deb     CVE-2021-3630        Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-18804       High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32490       High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32491       High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32492       High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32493       High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-3500        High        
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u2                  deb     CVE-2021-3630        Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-18804       High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32490       High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32491       High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32492       High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-32493       High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-3500        High        
libdjvulibre21                3.5.27.1-7                  3.5.27.1-7+deb9u2                  deb     CVE-2021-3630        Medium      
libdpkg-perl                  1.18.25                     1.18.26                            deb     CVE-2022-1664        Critical    
libelf1                       0.168-1                                                        deb     CVE-2019-7148        Negligible  
libelf1                       0.168-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16403       Low         
libelf1                       0.168-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-7149        Low         
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-16062       Medium      
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-16402       Critical    
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-18310       Medium      
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-18520       Medium      
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-18521       Medium      
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-7150        Medium      
libelf1                       0.168-1                     0.168-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-7665        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-9278        High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-0181        High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2016-6328        High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2017-7544        Critical    
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20030       High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-0093        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-12767       Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13112       Critical    
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13113       High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13114       High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2020-0182        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2020-0198        High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2020-0452        Critical    
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-9278        High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-0181        High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2016-6328        High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2017-7544        Critical    
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20030       High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-0093        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-12767       Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13112       Critical    
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13113       High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-13114       High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2020-0182        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2020-0198        High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2+b2                 0.6.21-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2020-0452        Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2013-0340        Negligible  
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20843       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-15903       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-45960       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-46143       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22822       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22823       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22824       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22825       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22826       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22827       High        
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-23990       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-23852       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25235       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25236       Critical    
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25313       Medium      
libexpat1                     2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25315       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2013-0340        Negligible  
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20843       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-15903       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-45960       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-46143       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22822       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22823       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22824       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22825       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22826       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-22827       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2022-23990       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-23852       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25235       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25236       Critical    
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25313       Medium      
libexpat1-dev                 2.2.0-2+deb9u1              2.2.0-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2022-25315       Critical    
libfdisk1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
libfdisk1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libfdisk1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
libfreetype6                  2.6.3-3.2                                                      deb     CVE-2022-31782       Negligible  
libfreetype6                  2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27404       Critical    
libfreetype6                  2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27405       High        
libfreetype6                  2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27406       High        
libfreetype6                  2.6.3-3.2                   2.6.3-3.2+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2020-15999       Medium      
libfreetype6-dev              2.6.3-3.2                                                      deb     CVE-2022-31782       Negligible  
libfreetype6-dev              2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27404       Critical    
libfreetype6-dev              2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27405       High        
libfreetype6-dev              2.6.3-3.2                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-27406       High        
libfreetype6-dev              2.6.3-3.2                   2.6.3-3.2+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2020-15999       Medium      
libgcc-6-dev                  6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libgcc1                       1:6.3.0-18+deb9u1           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libgcrypt20                   1.7.6-2+deb9u3                                                 deb     CVE-2018-6829        Negligible  
libgcrypt20                   1.7.6-2+deb9u3              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-13627       Medium      
libgcrypt20                   1.7.6-2+deb9u3              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33560       High        
libgcrypt20                   1.7.6-2+deb9u3              1.7.6-2+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-40528       Medium      
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-6363        High        
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-14553       Low         
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-38115       Medium      
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-40145       High        
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-40812       Medium      
libgd3                        2.2.4-2+deb9u4              2.2.4-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-11038       Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-2870        Negligible  
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-6311        Negligible  
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-2870        Negligible  
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-6311        Negligible  
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-2870        Negligible  
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.36.5-2+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-6311        Negligible  
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2020-35457       Negligible  
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16428       Critical    
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16429       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12450       Critical    
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-13012       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27218       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27219       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-28153       Medium      
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2020-35457       Negligible  
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16428       Critical    
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16429       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12450       Critical    
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-13012       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27218       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27219       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-28153       Medium      
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2020-35457       Negligible  
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16428       Critical    
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16429       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12450       Critical    
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-13012       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27218       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27219       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-28153       Medium      
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                                                       deb     CVE-2020-35457       Negligible  
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16428       Critical    
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-16429       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12450       Critical    
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-13012       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27218       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-27219       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.50.3-2                    2.50.3-2+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-28153       Medium      
libgmp-dev                    2:6.1.2+dfsg-1              2:6.1.2+dfsg-1+deb9u1              deb     CVE-2021-43618       High        
libgmp10                      2:6.1.2+dfsg-1              2:6.1.2+dfsg-1+deb9u1              deb     CVE-2021-43618       High        
libgmpxx4ldbl                 2:6.1.2+dfsg-1              2:6.1.2+dfsg-1+deb9u1              deb     CVE-2021-43618       High        
libgnutls30                   3.5.8-5+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2011-3389        Medium      
libgnutls30                   3.5.8-5+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16868       Medium      
libgnutls30                   3.5.8-5+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4209        Unknown     
libgnutls30                   3.5.8-5+deb9u4              3.5.8-5+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-3829        High        
libgomp1                      6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libgraphite2-3                1.3.10-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7999        High        
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libgssrpc4                    1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libgvc6                       2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgvc6                       2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgvc6                       2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libgvc6                       2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libgvc6-plugins-gtk           2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgvc6-plugins-gtk           2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgvc6-plugins-gtk           2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libgvc6-plugins-gtk           2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libharfbuzz0b                 1.4.2-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-33068       Medium      
libhogweed4                   3.3-1+b2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16869       Medium      
libhogweed4                   3.3-1+b2                    3.3-1+deb9u1                       deb     CVE-2021-20305       High        
libhogweed4                   3.3-1+b2                    3.3-1+deb9u1                       deb     CVE-2021-3580        High        
libicu-dev                    57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u4                      deb     CVE-2020-10531       High        
libicu-dev                    57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u5                      deb     CVE-2020-21913       Medium      
libicu57                      57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u4                      deb     CVE-2020-10531       High        
libicu57                      57.1-6+deb9u2               57.1-6+deb9u5                      deb     CVE-2020-21913       Medium      
libidn11                      1.33-1                      1.33-1+deb9u1                      deb     CVE-2017-14062       Critical    
libitm1                       6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libjbig-dev                   2.1-3.1+b2                                                     deb     CVE-2017-9937        Negligible  
libjbig0                      2.1-3.1+b2                                                     deb     CVE-2017-9937        Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2020-17541       Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2021-46822       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-13790       High        
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14152       High        
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-2201        High        
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2020-17541       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2021-46822       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-13790       High        
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14152       High        
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-2201        High        
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2020-17541       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                                                      deb     CVE-2021-46822       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-13790       High        
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14152       High        
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.5.1-2                   1:1.5.1-2+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-2201        High        
libjs-jquery                  3.1.1-2                                                        deb     CVE-2007-2379        Negligible  
libjs-jquery                  3.1.1-2                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18405       Negligible  
libjs-jquery                  3.1.1-2                     3.1.1-2+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-11358       Medium      
libjs-jquery                  3.1.1-2                     3.1.1-2+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-11022       Medium      
libjs-jquery                  3.1.1-2                     3.1.1-2+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-11023       Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libk5crypto3                  1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkadm5clnt-mit11            1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkadm5srv-mit11             1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkdb5-8                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkrb5-3                     1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkrb5-dev                   1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1                                                  deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2020-28196       High        
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-20217       Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2018-5730        Low         
libkrb5support0               1.15-1+deb9u1               1.15-1+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2021-37750       Medium      
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2015-3276        Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2017-14159       Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2017-17740       Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2020-15719       Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u3               deb     CVE-2019-13057       Medium      
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u3               deb     CVE-2019-13565       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u4               deb     CVE-2020-12243       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u5               deb     CVE-2020-25692       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u6               deb     CVE-2020-25709       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u6               deb     CVE-2020-25710       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36221       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36222       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36223       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36224       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36225       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36226       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36227       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36228       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36229       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36230       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u8               deb     CVE-2021-27212       High        
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u9               deb     CVE-2022-29155       Critical    
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2015-3276        Negligible  
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2017-14159       Negligible  
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2017-17740       Negligible  
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2                                           deb     CVE-2020-15719       Negligible  
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u3               deb     CVE-2019-13057       Medium      
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u3               deb     CVE-2019-13565       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u4               deb     CVE-2020-12243       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u5               deb     CVE-2020-25692       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u6               deb     CVE-2020-25709       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u6               deb     CVE-2020-25710       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36221       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36222       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36223       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36224       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36225       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36226       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36227       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36228       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36229       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u7               deb     CVE-2020-36230       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u8               deb     CVE-2021-27212       High        
libldap-common                2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u2        2.4.44+dfsg-5+deb9u9               deb     CVE-2022-29155       Critical    
liblsan0                      6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
liblz4-1                      0.0~r131-2+b1               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17543       Low         
liblz4-1                      0.0~r131-2+b1               0.0~r131-2+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2021-3520        Critical    
liblzma-dev                   5.2.2-1.2+b1                5.2.2-1.2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2022-1271        Unknown     
liblzma5                      5.2.2-1.2+b1                5.2.2-1.2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2022-1271        Unknown     
libmagic-mgc                  1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8905        Medium      
libmagic-mgc                  1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8907        High        
libmagic-mgc                  1:5.30-1+deb9u2             1:5.30-1+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2019-18218       Critical    
libmagic1                     1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8905        Medium      
libmagic1                     1:5.30-1+deb9u2             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8907        High        
libmagic1                     1:5.30-1+deb9u2             1:5.30-1+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2019-18218       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-3-extra   8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-3         8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12666       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27753       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2020-27755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6                                       deb     CVE-2021-20311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12670       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-25664       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27752       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-39212       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4219        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1115        Unknown     
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32545       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32546       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32547       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-1000476     Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12140       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12563       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12643       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12674       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12691       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12692       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12693       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12806       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-12875       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13061       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13133       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14172       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14174       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14175       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14341       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14532       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14624       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14625       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14626       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14739       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15015       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15017       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-15281       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17682       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-17914       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18209       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18211       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18271       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2017-18273       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-11598       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13135       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13308       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-13391       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u10          deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2017-14528       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-19667       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25665       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-25674       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27560       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27750       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27760       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27763       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27765       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-27773       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u11          deb     CVE-2020-29599       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25666       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25675       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-25676       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27754       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27757       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27758       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27759       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27761       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27762       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27764       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27766       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27767       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27768       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27769       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27770       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27771       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27772       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27774       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27775       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2020-27776       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20176       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20241       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20244       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u12          deb     CVE-2021-20246       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2020-27751       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20243       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20245       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20309       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20312       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u13          deb     CVE-2021-20313       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2021-3596        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u14          deb     CVE-2022-28463       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-10650       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u7           deb     CVE-2019-9956        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13300       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13304       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13305       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13306       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-13307       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-15140       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u8           deb     CVE-2019-19948       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-12805       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-17681       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2017-18252       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-14551       Critical    
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-18024       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-20467       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-7443        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8804        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-8960        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2018-9133        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-10131       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11470       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11472       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-11597       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12977       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12978       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-12979       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13295       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13297       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-13454       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u6    8:6.9.7.4+dfsg-11+deb9u9           deb     CVE-2019-19949       Critical    
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27376       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27377       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27378       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27379       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27380       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27381       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27382       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27383       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27384       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27385       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27386       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27387       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27444       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27445       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27446       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27447       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27448       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27449       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27451       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27452       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27455       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27456       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27457       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27458       High        
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31621       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31622       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31623       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31624       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2529        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2537        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2614        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2627        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2737        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2739        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2740        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2805        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2974        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2574        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2752        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2812        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2814        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-15180       Critical    
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2021-2022        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14765       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14812       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev          10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2021-27928       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27376       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27377       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27378       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27379       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27380       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27381       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27382       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27383       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27384       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27385       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27386       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27387       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27444       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27445       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27446       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27447       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27448       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27449       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27451       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27452       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27455       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27456       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27457       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27458       High        
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31621       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31622       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31623       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31624       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2529        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2537        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2614        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2627        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2737        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2739        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2740        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2805        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2974        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2574        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2752        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2812        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2814        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-15180       Critical    
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2021-2022        Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14765       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14812       Medium      
libmariadbclient-dev-compat   10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2021-27928       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27376       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27377       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27378       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27379       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27380       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27381       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27382       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27383       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27384       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27385       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27386       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27387       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27444       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27445       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27446       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27447       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27448       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27449       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27451       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27452       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27455       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27456       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27457       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-27458       High        
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31621       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31622       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31623       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1                                               deb     CVE-2022-31624       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2529        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.38-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2537        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2614        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2627        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2737        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2739        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2740        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.41-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2805        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2974        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.44-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2574        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2752        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2812        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.45-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2814        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-15180       Critical    
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.47-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2021-2022        Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14765       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14812       Medium      
libmariadbclient18            10.1.37-0+deb9u1            10.1.48-0+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2021-27928       High        
libmount1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
libmount1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libmount1                     2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
libmpx2                       6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libncurses5                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libncurses5                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncurses5                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncurses5                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncurses5                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libncurses5-dev               6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libncurses5-dev               6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncurses5-dev               6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncurses5-dev               6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncurses5-dev               6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libncursesw5                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libncursesw5                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncursesw5                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncursesw5                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncursesw5                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libncursesw5-dev              6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libncursesw5-dev              6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncursesw5-dev              6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncursesw5-dev              6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncursesw5-dev              6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libnettle6                    3.3-1+b2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16869       Medium      
libnettle6                    3.3-1+b2                    3.3-1+deb9u1                       deb     CVE-2021-20305       High        
libnettle6                    3.3-1+b2                    3.3-1+deb9u1                       deb     CVE-2021-3580        High        
libnghttp2-14                 1.18.1-1                    1.18.1-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-9511        High        
libnghttp2-14                 1.18.1-1                    1.18.1-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-9513        High        
libnghttp2-14                 1.18.1-1                    1.18.1-1+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1000168     High        
libnghttp2-14                 1.18.1-1                    1.18.1-1+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-11080       High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-14988       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-18443       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-20304       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-26945       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-20298       Unknown     
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3941        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-45942       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-12596       High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9110        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9111        High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9112        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9113        High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9114        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9115        High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9116        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-18444       High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11758       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11759       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11760       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11761       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11762       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11763       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11764       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11765       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-15305       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-15306       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-16588       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-16589       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-16587       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-20296       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23215       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-26260       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3474        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3475        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3476        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3477        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3478        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3479        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3598        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20299       High        
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20300       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20302       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20303       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-3605        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-14988       Negligible  
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-18443       Negligible  
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-20304       Negligible  
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-26945       Negligible  
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-20298       Unknown     
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3941        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-45942       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-12596       High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9110        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9111        High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9112        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9113        High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9114        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9115        High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2017-9116        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2018-18444       High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11758       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11759       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11760       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11761       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11762       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11763       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11764       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-11765       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-15305       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-15306       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-16588       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-16589       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-16587       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-20296       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23215       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-26260       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3474        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3475        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3476        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3477        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3478        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3479        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-3598        Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20299       High        
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20300       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20302       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-20303       Medium      
libopenexr22                  2.2.0-11+b1                 2.2.0-11+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-3605        Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-10505       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-10506       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9113        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9114        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9115        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9116        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9117        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9580        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9581        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2017-12982       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2017-17479       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-16375       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-16376       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-20845       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-20846       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-5727        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-7648        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6988        Low         
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3575        High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2016-9112        High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2018-20847       High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2018-21010       High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-12973       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-15389       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-6851        High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-8112        High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27814       High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27823       High        
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27824       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27841       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27845       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2020-27842       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2020-27843       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2021-29338       Medium      
libopenjp2-7                  2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2022-1122        Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-10505       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-10506       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9113        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9114        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9115        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9116        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9117        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9580        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2016-9581        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2017-12982       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2017-17479       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-16375       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-16376       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-20845       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-20846       Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-5727        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-7648        Negligible  
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-6988        Low         
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3575        High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2016-9112        High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2018-20847       High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2018-21010       High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-12973       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-15389       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-6851        High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2020-8112        High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27814       High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27823       High        
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27824       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27841       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u6                   deb     CVE-2020-27845       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2020-27842       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2020-27843       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2021-29338       Medium      
libopenjp2-7-dev              2.1.2-1.1+deb9u3            2.1.2-1.1+deb9u7                   deb     CVE-2022-1122        Medium      
libp11-kit0                   0.23.3-2                    0.23.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-29361       High        
libp11-kit0                   0.23.3-2                    0.23.3-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-29362       Medium      
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre16-3                   2:8.39-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.39-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.39-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre32-3                   2:8.39-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                                                       deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0v5                 2:8.39-3                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libperl5.24                   5.24.1-3+deb9u5                                                deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
libperl5.24                   5.24.1-3+deb9u5             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-16156       High        
libperl5.24                   5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10543       High        
libperl5.24                   5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
libperl5.24                   5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-12723       High        
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-14048       Negligible  
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-14550       Negligible  
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2019-6129        Negligible  
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2021-4214        Negligible  
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12652       Critical    
libpng-dev                    1.6.28-1                    1.6.28-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-7317        Medium      
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-14048       Negligible  
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-14550       Negligible  
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2019-6129        Negligible  
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                                                       deb     CVE-2021-4214        Negligible  
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12652       Critical    
libpng16-16                   1.6.28-1                    1.6.28-1+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-7317        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9193        Negligible  
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-1552        Unknown     
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.13-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-10130       Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.15-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-10208       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.17-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-1720        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.19-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-14350       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25694       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25695       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25696       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.22-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-32027       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.22-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-32028       Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.24-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-23214       High        
libpq-dev                     9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.24-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-23222       Medium      
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9193        Negligible  
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-1552        Unknown     
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.13-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-10130       Medium      
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.15-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-10208       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.17-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-1720        Medium      
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.19-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-14350       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25694       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25695       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.20-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2020-25696       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.22-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-32027       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.22-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-32028       Medium      
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.24-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-23214       High        
libpq5                        9.6.11-0+deb9u1             9.6.24-0+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2021-23222       Medium      
libpython-stdlib              2.7.13-2                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-0391        High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20406       High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-10160       Critical    
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-14422       Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2020-26116       High        
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3426        Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3733        Medium      
libpython3.5-minimal          3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3737        High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-0391        High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20406       High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-10160       Critical    
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-14422       Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2020-26116       High        
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3426        Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3733        Medium      
libpython3.5-stdlib           3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3737        High        
libquadmath0                  6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
librsvg2-2                    2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-11464       High        
librsvg2-2                    2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
librsvg2-common               2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-11464       High        
librsvg2-common               2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
librsvg2-dev                  2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-11464       High        
librsvg2-dev                  2.40.16-1+b1                2.40.21-0+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
libsasl2-2                    2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3  2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3+deb9u1  deb     CVE-2019-19906       High        
libsasl2-2                    2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3  2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3+deb9u2  deb     CVE-2022-24407       High        
libsasl2-modules-db           2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3  2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3+deb9u1  deb     CVE-2019-19906       High        
libsasl2-modules-db           2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3  2.1.27~101-g0780600+dfsg-3+deb9u2  deb     CVE-2022-24407       High        
libsepol1                     2.6-2                       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-36084       Low         
libsepol1                     2.6-2                       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-36085       Low         
libsepol1                     2.6-2                       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-36086       Low         
libsepol1                     2.6-2                       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-36087       Low         
libsmartcols1                 2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
libsmartcols1                 2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libsmartcols1                 2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-13685       Negligible  
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2020-11656       Negligible  
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8457        Critical    
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-45346       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20346       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20506       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-8740        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-16168       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5827        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9936        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9937        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-11655       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13434       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13630       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13632       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13871       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2019-20218       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-13685       Negligible  
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2020-11656       Negligible  
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-8457        Critical    
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-45346       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20346       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-20506       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2018-8740        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-16168       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5827        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9936        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9937        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-11655       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13434       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13630       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13632       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-13871       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.16.2-5+deb9u1             3.16.2-5+deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2019-20218       High        
libss2                        1.43.4-2                    (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-1304        High        
libss2                        1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
libss2                        1.43.4-2                    1.43.4-2+deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3855        High        
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3856        High        
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3857        High        
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3858        Critical    
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3859        Critical    
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3860        Critical    
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3861        Critical    
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3862        Critical    
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2019-3863        High        
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-13115       High        
libssh2-1                     1.7.0-1                     1.7.0-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-17498       High        
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2068        Critical    
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2274        Unknown     
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4160        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0k-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1543        High        
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1547        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1563        Low         
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-1971        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23840       High        
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23841       Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-3712        High        
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-1551        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2022-0778        High        
libssl-dev                    1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2022-1292        Critical    
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3601        Unknown     
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2t-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1547        Medium      
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2t-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1563        Low         
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1551        Medium      
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-1968        Low         
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2020-1971        Medium      
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-23840       High        
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-23841       Medium      
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-3712        High        
libssl1.0.2                   1.0.2r-1~deb9u1             1.0.2u-1~deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2022-0778        High        
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2068        Critical    
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2274        Unknown     
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4160        Medium      
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0k-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1543        High        
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1547        Medium      
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1563        Low         
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-1971        Medium      
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23840       High        
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23841       Medium      
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-3712        High        
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-1551        Medium      
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2022-0778        High        
libssl1.1                     1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2022-1292        Critical    
libstdc++-6-dev               6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libstdc++6                    6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libsvn1                       1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2018-11782       Medium      
libsvn1                       1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2019-0203        High        
libsvn1                       1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-17525       High        
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2017-1000082     Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2017-18078       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2020-13529       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-3843        High        
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-3844        High        
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3997        Unknown     
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u10                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u10                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u11                     deb     CVE-2019-3842        High        
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u13                     deb     CVE-2021-33910       Medium      
libsystemd0                   232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u14                     deb     CVE-2020-1712        High        
libtasn1-6                    4.10-1.1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000654     Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-18661       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6128        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35521       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35522       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0865        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0891        High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0907        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0908        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0909        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0924        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1056        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1210        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1354        Unknown     
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1355        Unknown     
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1622        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1623        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2056        Unknown     
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2057        Unknown     
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2058        Unknown     
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-12900       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17100       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-17546       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35523       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35524       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19131       High        
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19144       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0561        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0562        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-22844       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-18661       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6128        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35521       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35522       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0865        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0891        High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0907        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0908        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0909        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0924        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1056        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1210        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1354        Unknown     
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1355        Unknown     
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1622        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1623        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2056        Unknown     
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2057        Unknown     
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2058        Unknown     
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-12900       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17100       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-17546       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35523       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35524       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19131       High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19144       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0561        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0562        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-22844       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-18661       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6128        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35521       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2020-35522       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0865        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0891        High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0907        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0908        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0909        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-0924        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1056        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1210        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1354        Unknown     
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1355        Unknown     
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1622        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-1623        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2056        Unknown     
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2057        Unknown     
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2022-2058        Unknown     
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-12900       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-17100       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-17546       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35523       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-35524       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19131       High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u7                     deb     CVE-2020-19144       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0561        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-0562        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.8-2+deb9u4              4.0.8-2+deb9u8                     deb     CVE-2022-22844       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libtinfo-dev                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libtinfo5                     6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
libtinfo5                     6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libtinfo5                     6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libtinfo5                     6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libtinfo5                     6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
libtsan0                      6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libubsan0                     6.3.0-18+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12886       High        
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2017-1000082     Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2017-18078       Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2020-13529       Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9                                                  deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-3843        High        
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-3844        High        
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3997        Unknown     
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u10                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u10                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u11                     deb     CVE-2019-3842        High        
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u13                     deb     CVE-2021-33910       Medium      
libudev1                      232-25+deb9u9               232-25+deb9u14                     deb     CVE-2020-1712        High        
libuuid1                      2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
libuuid1                      2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libuuid1                      2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                                                        deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-36332       High        
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25009       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25010       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25011       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25012       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25013       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25014       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36328       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36329       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36330       Critical    
libwebp-dev                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36331       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                                                        deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-36332       High        
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25009       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25010       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25011       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25012       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25013       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25014       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36328       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36329       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36330       Critical    
libwebp6                      0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36331       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                                                        deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-36332       High        
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25009       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25010       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25011       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25012       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25013       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25014       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36328       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36329       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36330       Critical    
libwebpdemux2                 0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36331       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                                                        deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-36332       High        
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25009       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25010       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25011       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25012       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25013       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2018-25014       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36328       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36329       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36330       Critical    
libwebpmux2                   0.5.2-1                     0.5.2-1+deb9u1                     deb     CVE-2020-36331       Critical    
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3476        Low         
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3477        Low         
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3996        Medium      
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2009-3546        Medium      
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3476        Low         
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3477        Low         
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2007-3996        Medium      
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.6                                                   deb     CVE-2009-3546        Medium      
libx11-6                      2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2020-14344       Medium      
libx11-6                      2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2020-14363       High        
libx11-6                      2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2021-31535       Critical    
libx11-data                   2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2020-14344       Medium      
libx11-data                   2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2020-14363       High        
libx11-data                   2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2021-31535       Critical    
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2020-14344       Medium      
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2020-14363       High        
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.4-3+deb9u1            2:1.6.4-3+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2021-31535       Critical    
libxdot4                      2.38.0-17                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libxdot4                      2.38.0-17                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libxdot4                      2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10196       Medium      
libxdot4                      2.38.0-17                   2.38.0-17+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-18032       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2017-18258       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2017-8872        Critical    
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2018-14404       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2018-14567       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2019-19956       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2019-20388       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2020-24977       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2020-7595        High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3516        High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3517        High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3518        High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3537        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u5             deb     CVE-2021-3541        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2016-9318        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-16932       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-5130        High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-5969        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2022-23308       High        
libxml2                       2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u7             deb     CVE-2022-29824       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2017-18258       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2017-8872        Critical    
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2018-14404       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2018-14567       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2019-19956       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2019-20388       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2020-24977       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u3             deb     CVE-2020-7595        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3516        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3517        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3518        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u4             deb     CVE-2021-3537        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u5             deb     CVE-2021-3541        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2016-9318        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-16932       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-5130        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2017-5969        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u6             deb     CVE-2022-23308       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u2      2.9.4+dfsg1-2.2+deb9u7             deb     CVE-2022-29824       Medium      
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.29-2.1                                                     deb     CVE-2015-9019        Negligible  
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-11068       Critical    
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-13117       High        
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-13118       High        
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u2                  deb     CVE-2019-18197       High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.29-2.1                                                     deb     CVE-2015-9019        Negligible  
libxslt1.1                    1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-11068       Critical    
libxslt1.1                    1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-13117       High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u1                  deb     CVE-2019-13118       High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.29-2.1                  1.1.29-2.1+deb9u2                  deb     CVE-2019-18197       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2004-0230        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2005-3660        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2007-3719        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2008-2544        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2008-4609        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2010-4563        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2010-5321        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2011-4915        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2011-4917        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2012-4542        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2014-9892        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2014-9900        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2015-2877        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2016-10723       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2016-8660        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-0630        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-11472       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-12762       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-13693       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-13694       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-13695       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2017-9986        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-10322       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-1121        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-12929       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-12930       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-12931       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-13095       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-17977       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-20669       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-25020       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2018-8043        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-0145        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-0146        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-0147        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-0148        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-0149        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-11191       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12378       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12379       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12380       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12381       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12382       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12455       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12456       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12615       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-12984       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16229       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16230       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16231       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16232       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16233       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-16234       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-18808       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19036       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19039       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19046       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19054       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19060       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19061       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19064       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19067       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19070       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19075       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19377       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-19378       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-20794       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2019-2213        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-0030        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-11725       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-12362       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-12363       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-12364       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-14304       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-15802       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-26141       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-26145       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-26555       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-27820       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-27835       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-35501       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-36385       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2020-36516       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-0929        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-32078       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-33061       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-33098       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3600        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3669        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3714        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3759        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3772        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3847        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-3864        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-39636       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-4037        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-4197        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2021-43975       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1048        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1184        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1204        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1205        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1247        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1280        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1419        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1462        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1652        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-1679        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-25265       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                                                    deb     CVE-2022-28388       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2013-7445        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-18232       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-12928       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-20449       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7273        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7754        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19449       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19814       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-20908       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-3874        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9245        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9444        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9453        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-0067        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-15780       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27777       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-4788        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-20320       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-28972       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33624       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-34556       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3506        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35477       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37576       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-38207       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-38300       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4159        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-44879       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-45469       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-0480        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-32981       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-1000026     High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-14625       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-16884       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-19824       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-19985       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-20169       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2018-5953        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15927       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-3701        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-3819        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-6133        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-6974        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-7221        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2019-7222        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.161-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10769       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2017-18551       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-11810       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-12818       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-12819       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15916       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-16413       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-16995       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-2101        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-3459        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-3460        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-8980        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-9213        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-9454        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1                          deb     CVE-2019-9455        Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2018-12126       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2018-12127       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2018-12130       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-11091       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-10126       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11477       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11478       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11479       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11486       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11599       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11815       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11833       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-11884       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-3846        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-5489        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-9500        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u3                   deb     CVE-2019-9503        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u4                   deb     CVE-2019-13272       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2015-8553        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2017-18509       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2018-20836       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2018-20856       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2018-5995        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-10207       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-10638       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-10639       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-1125        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13631       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13648       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-14283       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-14284       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-15239       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-17351       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-3882        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.168-1+deb9u5                   deb     CVE-2019-3900        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2018-20509       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2018-20510       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-10142       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-11487       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15212       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15214       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15216       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15218       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15219       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15292       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15666       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15807       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15924       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18805       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19815       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19966       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20054       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20095       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.184-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10720       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.185-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15221       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.185-1                          deb     CVE-2019-9506        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15211       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15215       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15220       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15926       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20934       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-2                          deb     CVE-2019-15538       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-14821       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-14835       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-15117       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-15118       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-15902       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2018-12207       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-0154        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-0155        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.189-3+deb9u2                   deb     CVE-2019-11135       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2018-13093       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2018-13094       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2018-20976       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2018-21008       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-0136        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-10220       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-12614       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14615       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14814       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14815       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14816       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14895       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14896       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14897       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-14901       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15030       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15098       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15217       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15291       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15505       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-15917       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-16746       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17052       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17053       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17054       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17055       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17056       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17075       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17133       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-17666       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18282       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18660       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18683       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18806       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-18809       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19037       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19049       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19051       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19052       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19056       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19057       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19062       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19063       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19066       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19068       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19227       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19332       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19447       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19523       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19524       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19525       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19527       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19530       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19531       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19532       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19533       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19534       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19535       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19536       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19537       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19767       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19947       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19965       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20096       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20636       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20812       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-2215        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2019-25045       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0305        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0431        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10773       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-19319       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-19462       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-19768       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20806       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-20811       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-2182        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2019-5108        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-0543        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-10711       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-10732       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-10751       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-10757       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-10942       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-11494       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-11565       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-11608       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-11609       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-11668       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12114       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12464       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12652       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12653       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12654       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-12770       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-13143       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-14416       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-2732        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-8428        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-8647        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-8648        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-8649        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.210-1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2020-9383        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2018-9517        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2019-20810       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0009        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0404        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0429        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0432        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0433        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0444        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10690       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10766       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10767       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-10768       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12656       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12769       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12826       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-13974       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14381       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-1749        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27066       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27067       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27068       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27786       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29368       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29370       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0447        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.228-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3715        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19073       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19074       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19448       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2019-9445        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0465        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0466        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12351       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12352       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12655       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12771       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-12888       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14305       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14314       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14331       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14356       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14386       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14390       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-15393       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-15436       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-15437       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-16166       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-24490       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25211       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25212       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25220       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25284       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25285       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25641       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25643       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-26088       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-28097       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-28915       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29371       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-36312       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2020-36386       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0605        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2021-1048        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.240-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39634       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-0427        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-14351       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25645       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25656       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25668       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25669       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25704       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25705       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27673       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27675       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-28974       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-35508       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.246-1                          deb     CVE-2020-8694        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19318       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19813       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2019-19816       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27815       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-27825       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-28374       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29568       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29569       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29660       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29661       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-35519       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2020-36158       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0935        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-26930       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-26931       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-26932       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-27363       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-27364       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-27365       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28038       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3178        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3347        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39648       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.258-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39657       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-24586       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-24587       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-24588       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25670       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25671       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25672       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-25673       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-26139       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-26147       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-26558       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-29374       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2020-36322       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0129        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0512        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0937        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0941        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-20292       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-22555       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-23133       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-23134       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28660       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28688       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28950       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28964       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28971       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-29154       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-29265       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-29647       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-29650       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-30002       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-31916       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-32399       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-33034       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3428        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3483        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-34981       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3564        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3573        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3659        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38208       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38209       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39656       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4157        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-2                          deb     CVE-2021-21781       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-2                          deb     CVE-2021-33909       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-2                          deb     CVE-2021-34693       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.272-2                          deb     CVE-2021-3609        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2020-16119       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2020-3702        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-0920        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-20317       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-20321       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-20322       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-22543       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3612        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3653        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3655        Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3679        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-37159       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3732        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3753        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3760        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38160       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38198       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38199       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38204       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-38205       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39633       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-40490       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-41864       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-42008       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4203        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-42739       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-43389       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-45485       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2021-45486       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0644        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0850        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.290-1                          deb     CVE-2022-20141       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-26401       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28711       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28712       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28713       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28714       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-28715       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-29264       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-33033       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3640        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-3752        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39685       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39686       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39698       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-39714       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4002        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4083        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4155        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-4202        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-43976       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-45095       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2021-45868       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0001        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0002        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0330        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0435        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0487        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0492        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-0617        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-1195        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-20132       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-24448       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-25258       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.303-1                          deb     CVE-2022-25375       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2018-1108        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2021-39713       Critical    
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2021-4149        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-0494        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-0812        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-0854        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1011        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1012        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1016        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1198        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1199        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1353        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1516        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1729        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1734        High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1974        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-1975        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-21123       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-21125       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-21166       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-2153        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23036       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23037       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23038       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23039       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23040       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23041       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23042       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-23960       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-24958       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-26490       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-26966       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-27223       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-28356       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-28390       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-30594       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-32250       High        
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-32296       Low         
linux-libc-dev                4.9.144-3.1                 4.9.320-2                          deb     CVE-2022-33981       Low         
lodash                        4.17.11                     4.17.12                            npm     GHSA-jf85-cpcp-j695  Critical    
lodash                        4.17.11                     4.17.20                            npm     GHSA-p6mc-m468-83gw  High        
lodash                        4.17.11                     4.17.21                            npm     GHSA-29mw-wpgm-hmr9  Medium      
lodash                        4.17.11                     4.17.21                            npm     GHSA-35jh-r3h4-6jhm  High        
login                         1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2007-5686        Negligible  
login                         1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2013-4235        Negligible  
login                         1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2019-19882       Negligible  
login                         1:4.4-4.1                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7169        Low         
login                         1:4.4-4.1                   1:4.4-4.1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-12424       Critical    
login                         1:4.4-4.1                   1:4.4-4.1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-20002       High        
m4                            1.4.18-1                                                       deb     CVE-2008-1687        Negligible  
m4                            1.4.18-1                                                       deb     CVE-2008-1688        Negligible  
mem                           1.1.0                       4.0.0                              npm     GHSA-4xcv-9jjx-gfj3  Medium      
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2017-1000115     High        
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2017-1000116     Critical    
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2017-17458       Critical    
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2017-9462        High        
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2018-1000132     Critical    
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2018-13346       High        
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2018-13347       Critical    
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2018-13348       High        
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2018-17983       Critical    
mercurial                     4.0                                                            python  CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
mercurial                     4.0                         4.1.3                              python  GHSA-ghjx-3jg5-h6r2  High        
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                                                   deb     CVE-2018-17983       Negligible  
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2017-17458       Critical    
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-1000132     Critical    
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13346       High        
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13347       Critical    
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13348       High        
mercurial                     4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                                                   deb     CVE-2018-17983       Negligible  
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2017-17458       Critical    
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-1000132     Critical    
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13346       High        
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13347       Critical    
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2018-13348       High        
mercurial-common              4.0-1+deb9u1                4.0-1+deb9u2                       deb     CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
minimatch                     3.0.4                       3.0.5                              npm     GHSA-f8q6-p94x-37v3  High        
minimist                      0.0.8                       0.2.1                              npm     GHSA-vh95-rmgr-6w4m  Medium      
minimist                      0.0.8                       1.2.6                              npm     GHSA-xvch-5gv4-984h  Critical    
minimist                      1.2.0                       1.2.3                              npm     GHSA-vh95-rmgr-6w4m  Medium      
minimist                      1.2.0                       1.2.6                              npm     GHSA-xvch-5gv4-984h  Critical    
mount                         2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
mount                         2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
mount                         2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2009-5155        High        
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6485        Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-6551        Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-19126       Low         
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-25013       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-9169        Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-10029       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1751        High        
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-1752        High        
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-27618       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-6096        Low         
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-27645       Low         
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3326        High        
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-33574       Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-35942       Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-3999        Unknown     
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23218       Critical    
multiarch-support             2.24-11+deb9u4              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-23219       Critical    
ncurses-base                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
ncurses-base                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
ncurses-base                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
ncurses-base                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
ncurses-base                  6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
ncurses-bin                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2                                          deb     CVE-2021-39537       Negligible  
ncurses-bin                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
ncurses-bin                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
ncurses-bin                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
ncurses-bin                   6.0+20161126-1+deb9u2       (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-29458       High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2018-1000168     High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9511        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9512        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9513        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9514        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9515        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9516        Medium      
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9517        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2019-9518        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2020-8174        High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2021-44531       High        
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2021-44532       Medium      
node                          8.15.1                                                         binary  CVE-2021-44533       Medium      
npm                           6.4.1                                                          npm     CVE-2019-16775       Medium      
npm                           6.4.1                                                          npm     CVE-2019-16776       High        
npm                           6.4.1                                                          npm     CVE-2019-16777       Medium      
npm                           6.4.1                                                          npm     CVE-2020-15095       Medium      
npm                           6.4.1                       6.13.3                             npm     GHSA-m6cx-g6qm-p2cx  High        
npm                           6.4.1                       6.13.3                             npm     GHSA-x8qc-rrcw-4r46  High        
npm                           6.4.1                       6.13.4                             npm     GHSA-4328-8hgf-7wjr  High        
npm                           6.4.1                       6.14.6                             npm     GHSA-93f3-23rq-pjfp  Medium      
npm-registry-fetch            1.1.0                       4.0.5                              npm     GHSA-jmqm-f2gx-4fjv  Medium      
npm-registry-fetch            3.1.1                       4.0.5                              npm     GHSA-jmqm-f2gx-4fjv  Medium      
npm-user-validate             1.0.0                       1.0.1                              npm     GHSA-pw54-mh39-w3hc  High        
npm-user-validate             1.0.0                       1.0.1                              npm     GHSA-xgh6-85xh-479p  Low         
opener                        1.5.0                                                          npm     CVE-2021-27478       High        
opener                        1.5.0                                                          npm     CVE-2021-27482       High        
opener                        1.5.0                                                          npm     CVE-2021-27498       High        
opener                        1.5.0                                                          npm     CVE-2021-27500       High        
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2007-2243        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2007-2768        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2008-3234        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2016-20012       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2018-15919       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2019-6110        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2020-12062       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2020-14145       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2020-15778       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6                                              deb     CVE-2021-36368       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:7.4p1-10+deb9u6           (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-41617       High        
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2068        Critical    
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-2274        Unknown     
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4160        Medium      
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0k-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1543        High        
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1547        Medium      
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u1                    deb     CVE-2019-1563        Low         
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u2                    deb     CVE-2020-1971        Medium      
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23840       High        
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u3                    deb     CVE-2021-23841       Medium      
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2021-3712        High        
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-1551        Medium      
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2022-0778        High        
openssl                       1.1.0j-1~deb9u1             1.1.0l-1~deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2022-1292        Critical    
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2007-5686        Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2013-4235        Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                                                      deb     CVE-2019-19882       Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                   (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2018-7169        Low         
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                   1:4.4-4.1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-12424       Critical    
passwd                        1:4.4-4.1                   1:4.4-4.1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2017-20002       High        
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2010-4651        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2016-10713       Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2018-6951        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2018-6952        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2021-45261       Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1              2.7.5-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20969       High        
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1              2.7.5-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-13636       Medium      
patch                         2.7.5-1+deb9u1              2.7.5-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-13638       High        
path-parse                    1.0.6                       1.0.7                              npm     GHSA-hj48-42vr-x3v9  Medium      
perl                          5.24.1-3+deb9u5                                                deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl                          5.24.1-3+deb9u5             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-16156       High        
perl                          5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10543       High        
perl                          5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl                          5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-12723       High        
perl-base                     5.24.1-3+deb9u5                                                deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl-base                     5.24.1-3+deb9u5             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-16156       High        
perl-base                     5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10543       High        
perl-base                     5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl-base                     5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-12723       High        
perl-modules-5.24             5.24.1-3+deb9u5                                                deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl-modules-5.24             5.24.1-3+deb9u5             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-16156       High        
perl-modules-5.24             5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10543       High        
perl-modules-5.24             5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl-modules-5.24             5.24.1-3+deb9u5             5.24.1-3+deb9u7                    deb     CVE-2020-12723       High        
python                        2.7.13-2                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
python-minimal                2.7.13-2                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
python2.7                     2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u4                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u5                    deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
python2.7-minimal             2.7.13-2+deb9u3             2.7.13-2+deb9u6                    deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-0391        High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20406       High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-10160       Critical    
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-14422       Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2020-26116       High        
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3426        Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3733        Medium      
python3.5                     3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3737        High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1                                                 deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2015-20107       Critical    
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-4189        Unknown     
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2022-0391        High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20406       High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-10160       Critical    
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16056       High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-18348       Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-5010        High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9636        Critical    
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9948        Critical    
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-14422       Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u2                     deb     CVE-2020-8492        Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2019-20907       High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u3                     deb     CVE-2020-26116       High        
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-23336       Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3177        Critical    
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2021-3426        Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3733        Medium      
python3.5-minimal             3.5.3-1+deb9u1              3.5.3-1+deb9u5                     deb     CVE-2021-3737        High        
qs                            6.5.2                       6.5.3                              npm     GHSA-hrpp-h998-j3pp  High        
rc                            1.2.7                                                          npm     CVE-2014-1936        High        
rc                            1.2.7                                                          npm     CVE-2020-17753       Medium      
shell-quote                   1.6.1                       1.7.3                              npm     GHSA-g4rg-993r-mgx7  Critical    
slash                         1.0.0                                                          npm     CVE-2002-1647        Medium      
ssri                          5.3.0                       6.0.2                              npm     GHSA-vx3p-948g-6vhq  High        
ssri                          6.0.0                       6.0.2                              npm     GHSA-vx3p-948g-6vhq  High        
subversion                    1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2018-11782       Medium      
subversion                    1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u4                     deb     CVE-2019-0203        High        
subversion                    1.9.5-1+deb9u3              1.9.5-1+deb9u6                     deb     CVE-2020-17525       High        
tar                           1.29b-1.1                                                      deb     CVE-2005-2541        Negligible  
tar                           1.29b-1.1                                                      deb     CVE-2019-9923        Negligible  
tar                           1.29b-1.1                                                      deb     CVE-2021-20193       Negligible  
tar                           1.29b-1.1                   1.29b-1.1+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2018-20482       Medium      
tar                           2.2.1                       2.2.2                              npm     GHSA-j44m-qm6p-hp7m  High        
tar                           2.2.1                       3.2.2                              npm     GHSA-3jfq-g458-7qm9  High        
tar                           2.2.1                       3.2.3                              npm     GHSA-r628-mhmh-qjhw  High        
tar                           2.2.1                       4.4.16                             npm     GHSA-9r2w-394v-53qc  High        
tar                           2.2.1                       4.4.18                             npm     GHSA-5955-9wpr-37jh  High        
tar                           2.2.1                       4.4.18                             npm     GHSA-qq89-hq3f-393p  High        
tar                           4.4.6                       4.4.14                             npm     GHSA-3jfq-g458-7qm9  High        
tar                           4.4.6                       4.4.15                             npm     GHSA-r628-mhmh-qjhw  High        
tar                           4.4.6                       4.4.16                             npm     GHSA-9r2w-394v-53qc  High        
tar                           4.4.6                       4.4.18                             npm     GHSA-5955-9wpr-37jh  High        
tar                           4.4.6                       4.4.18                             npm     GHSA-qq89-hq3f-393p  High        
underscore                    1.9.1                       1.12.1                             npm     GHSA-cf4h-3jhx-xvhq  Critical    
unzip                         6.0-21                                                         deb     CVE-2021-4217        Negligible  
unzip                         6.0-21                                                         deb     CVE-2022-0529        Medium      
unzip                         6.0-21                                                         deb     CVE-2022-0530        Medium      
unzip                         6.0-21                      6.0-21+deb9u1                      deb     CVE-2018-1000035     High        
unzip                         6.0-21                      6.0-21+deb9u2                      deb     CVE-2019-13232       Low         
util                          0.10.3                                                         npm     CVE-2020-36634       Medium      
util                          0.10.4                                                         npm     CVE-2020-36634       Medium      
util-linux                    2.29.2-1+deb9u1                                                deb     CVE-2022-0563        Negligible  
util-linux                    2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
util-linux                    2.29.2-1+deb9u1             (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-37600       Low         
wget                          1.18-5+deb9u2               (won't fix)                        deb     CVE-2021-31879       Medium      
wget                          1.18-5+deb9u2               1.18-5+deb9u3                      deb     CVE-2019-5953        Critical    
ws                            6.1.2                       6.2.2                              npm     GHSA-6fc8-4gx4-v693  Medium      
xz-utils                      5.2.2-1.2+b1                5.2.2-1.2+deb9u1                   deb     CVE-2022-1271        Unknown     
y18n                          3.2.1                       3.2.2                              npm     GHSA-c4w7-xm78-47vh  High        
y18n                          4.0.0                       4.0.1                              npm     GHSA-c4w7-xm78-47vh  High        
yargs-parser                  9.0.2                       13.1.2                             npm     GHSA-p9pc-299p-vxgp  Medium      
yarn                          1.12.3                                                         npm     CVE-2019-10773       High        
yarn                          1.12.3                                                         npm     CVE-2019-15608       Medium      
yarn                          1.12.3                                                         npm     CVE-2019-5448        High        
yarn                          1.12.3                                                         npm     CVE-2020-8131        High        
yarn                          1.12.3                      1.17.3                             npm     GHSA-wqfc-cr59-h64p  High        
yarn                          1.12.3                      1.19.0                             npm     GHSA-hjxc-462x-x77j  Medium      
yarn                          1.12.3                      1.22.0                             npm     GHSA-5xf4-f2fq-f69j  High        
yarn                          1.12.3                      1.22.0                             npm     GHSA-8mfc-v7wv-p62g  High        
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-5              1:1.2.8.dfsg-5+deb9u1              deb     CVE-2018-25032       High        
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-5              1:1.2.8.dfsg-5+deb9u1              deb     CVE-2018-25032       High        
