NAME                          INSTALLED                   FIXED-IN                          TYPE    VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY   
activesupport                 5.0.1                       5.2.4.3                           gem     GHSA-2p68-f74v-9wc6  Critical    
activesupport                 5.0.1                       6.1.7.1                           gem     GHSA-j6gc-792m-qgm2  Low         
apt                           1.0.9.8.4                                                     deb     CVE-2011-3374        Negligible  
apt                           1.0.9.8.4                   1.0.9.8.5                         deb     CVE-2019-3462        High        
apt                           1.0.9.8.4                   1.0.9.8.6                         deb     CVE-2020-3810        Medium      
bash                          4.3-11+deb8u1                                                 deb     CVE-2019-18276       Negligible  
bash                          4.3-11+deb8u1               4.3-11+deb8u2                     deb     CVE-2016-9401        Low         
bash                          4.3-11+deb8u1               4.3-11+deb8u2                     deb     CVE-2019-9924        High        
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2017-13716       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-1000876     Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-12697       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-12698       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-12699       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-12700       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-12934       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-13033       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-17358       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-17359       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-17360       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-17794       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-17985       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18309       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18483       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18484       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18605       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18606       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18607       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18700       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-18701       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-19931       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-19932       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20002       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20623       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20651       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20671       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20673       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-20712       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-9138        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2018-9996        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-1010180     Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-1010204     Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-12972       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-14250       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-14444       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-17450       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-17451       Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9070        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9071        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9073        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9074        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9075        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                                                        deb     CVE-2019-9077        Negligible  
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9939        High        
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2226        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4487        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4488        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4489        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4490        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4491        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4492        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4493        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6131        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12448       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12449       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12450       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12451       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12452       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12453       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12454       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12455       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12456       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12457       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12458       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12459       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12799       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12967       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-13710       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-13757       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14128       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14129       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14130       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14333       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14529       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14729       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14745       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14930       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14932       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14933       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14934       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14938       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14939       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14940       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14974       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15020       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15021       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15022       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15023       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15024       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15025       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15225       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15938       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15996       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16826       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16827       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16828       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16829       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16830       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16831       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16832       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17080       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17121       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17122       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17123       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17124       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17125       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17126       Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6965        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6966        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6969        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7210        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7223        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7224        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7225        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7226        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7227        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7299        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7300        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7301        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7302        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7303        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7304        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7614        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8393        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8394        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8395        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8396        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8397        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8398        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8421        High        
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9038        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9039        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9040        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9041        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9042        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9043        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9044        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9742        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9743        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9744        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9745        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9746        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9747        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9748        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9749        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9750        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9751        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9752        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9753        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9754        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9755        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9756        Low         
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9954        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9955        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10372       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10373       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10534       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10535       Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6323        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6543        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6759        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6872        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7208        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7568        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7569        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7570        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7642        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7643        Medium      
binutils                      2.25-5                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8945        Low         
bsdutils                      1:2.25.2-6                                                    deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
bsdutils                      1:2.25.2-6                                                    deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
bsdutils                      1:2.25.2-6                                                    deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
bsdutils                      1:2.25.2-6                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
bsdutils                      1:2.25.2-6                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
bundler                       1.14.6                                                        gem     CVE-2019-3881        High        
bundler                       1.14.6                                                        gem     CVE-2021-43809       High        
bundler                       1.14.6                      2.1.0                             gem     GHSA-g98m-96g9-wfjq  High        
bundler                       1.14.6                      2.2.33                            gem     GHSA-fj7f-vq84-fh43  Medium      
bzip2                         1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2016-3189        Medium      
bzip2                         1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12900       High        
bzr                           2.6.0+bzr6595-6             2.6.0+bzr6595-6+deb8u1            deb     CVE-2017-14176       High        
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.42.12-2+b1            1.42.12-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
comerr-dev                    2.1-1.42.12-2+b1            1.42.12-2+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
coreutils                     8.23-4                                                        deb     CVE-2017-18018       Negligible  
coreutils                     8.23-4                      (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2781        Low         
cpp-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
cpp-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
cpp-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2016-3739        Negligible  
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2017-7407        Negligible  
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2020-8177        Unknown     
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8625        Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000120     High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000121     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000122     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-1000301     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-14618       High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7141        Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7167        High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-9586        Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16839       High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16842       Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2018-16890       Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3822        High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3823        Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u15                  deb     CVE-2019-5436        Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u16                  deb     CVE-2019-5482        High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000100     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000101     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000254     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000257     Medium      
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8816        High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8817        High        
curl                          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-1000007     Medium      
dmsetup                       2:1.02.90-2.2+deb8u1        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8991        Low         
dpkg                          1.17.27                                                       deb     CVE-2017-8283        Negligible  
e2fslibs                      1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
e2fslibs                      1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
e2fsprogs                     1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
e2fsprogs                     1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
file                          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u4                deb     CVE-2018-10360       Medium      
file                          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2019-8905        Medium      
file                          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2019-8907        Medium      
file                          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2019-18218       High        
g++-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
g++-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
g++-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
gcc-4.8-base                  4.8.4-1                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
gcc-4.8-base                  4.8.4-1                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
gcc-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
gcc-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
gcc-4.9                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
gcc-4.9-base                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
gcc-4.9-base                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
gcc-4.9-base                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-2862        Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000422     Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2016-6352        Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-2870        Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6312        Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6313        Medium      
gir1.2-gdkpixbuf-2.0          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6314        Medium      
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0               2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6163        Medium      
gir1.2-rsvg-2.0               2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2017-15298       Negligible  
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2018-1000021     Negligible  
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1350        Negligible  
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1351        Negligible  
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1354        Negligible  
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2020-11008       Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u3                deb     CVE-2017-8386        Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u4                deb     CVE-2017-1000117     Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2017-14867       High        
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2018-11233       Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2018-11235       Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2018-17456       High        
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1348        Low         
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1349        High        
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1352        High        
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1353        High        
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1387        Medium      
git                           1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2020-5260        Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2017-15298       Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2018-1000021     Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1350        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1351        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2                                            deb     CVE-2019-1354        Negligible  
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2020-11008       Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u3                deb     CVE-2017-8386        Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u4                deb     CVE-2017-1000117     Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2017-14867       High        
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2018-11233       Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2018-11235       Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2018-17456       High        
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1348        Low         
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1349        High        
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1352        High        
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1353        High        
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2019-1387        Medium      
git-man                       1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u2          1:2.1.4-2.1+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2020-5260        Medium      
gnupg                         1.4.18-7+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-6829        Negligible  
gnupg                         1.4.18-7+deb8u3             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
gnupg                         1.4.18-7+deb8u3             1.4.18-7+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2017-7526        Medium      
gnupg                         1.4.18-7+deb8u3             1.4.18-7+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2018-12020       Medium      
gpgv                          1.4.18-7+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-6829        Negligible  
gpgv                          1.4.18-7+deb8u3             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-14855       Low         
gpgv                          1.4.18-7+deb8u3             1.4.18-7+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2017-7526        Medium      
gpgv                          1.4.18-7+deb8u3             1.4.18-7+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2018-12020       Medium      
i18n                          0.8.0                                                         gem     CVE-2020-7791        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
imagemagick                   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
imagemagick-6.q16             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
imagemagick-common            8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
inetutils-ping                2:1.9.2.39.3a460-3          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-0053        Low         
inetutils-ping                2:1.9.2.39.3a460-3          2:1.9.2.39.3a460-3+deb8u1         deb     CVE-2020-10188       High        
jmespath                      1.3.1                                                         gem     CVE-2022-32511       Critical    
jmespath                      1.3.1                       1.6.1                             gem     GHSA-5c5f-7vfq-3732  Critical    
json                          2.0.2                                                         gem     CVE-2020-10663       High        
json                          2.0.2                       2.3.0                             gem     GHSA-jphg-qwrw-7w9g  High        
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
krb5-multidev                 1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libapr1                       1.5.1-3                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12613       Low         
libaprutil1                   1.5.4-1                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12618       Low         
libapt-pkg4.12                1.0.9.8.4                                                     deb     CVE-2011-3374        Negligible  
libapt-pkg4.12                1.0.9.8.4                   1.0.9.8.5                         deb     CVE-2019-3462        High        
libapt-pkg4.12                1.0.9.8.4                   1.0.9.8.6                         deb     CVE-2020-3810        Medium      
libasan1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libasan1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libasan1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libatomic1                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libatomic1                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libatomic1                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libaudit-common               1:2.4-1                                                       deb     CVE-2015-5186        Negligible  
libaudit1                     1:2.4-1+b1                                                    deb     CVE-2015-5186        Negligible  
libblkid1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
libblkid1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
libblkid1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
libblkid1                     2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libblkid1                     2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
libbsd0                       0.7.0-2                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20367       Medium      
libbsd0                       0.7.0-2                     0.7.0-2+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2016-2090        High        
libbz2-1.0                    1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2016-3189        Medium      
libbz2-1.0                    1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12900       High        
libbz2-dev                    1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2016-3189        Medium      
libbz2-dev                    1.0.6-7+b3                  1.0.6-7+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2019-12900       High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4051        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4052        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2009-5155        Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9761        High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5180        Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000408     High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000409     Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12133       Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15670       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15671       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15804       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16997       High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11236       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11237       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6485        High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9169        High        
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10029       Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1751        Medium      
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1752        Low         
libc-bin                      2.19-18+deb8u7              2.19-18+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-1000366     High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4051        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4052        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2009-5155        Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9761        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5180        Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000408     High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000409     Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12133       Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15670       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15671       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15804       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16997       High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11236       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11237       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6485        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9169        High        
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10029       Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1751        Medium      
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1752        Low         
libc-dev-bin                  2.19-18+deb8u7              2.19-18+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-1000366     High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4051        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4052        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2009-5155        Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9761        High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5180        Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000408     High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000409     Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12133       Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15670       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15671       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15804       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16997       High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11236       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11237       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6485        High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9169        High        
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10029       Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1751        Medium      
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1752        Low         
libc6                         2.19-18+deb8u7              2.19-18+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-1000366     High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4051        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4052        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2009-5155        Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9761        High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5180        Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000408     High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000409     Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12133       Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15670       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15671       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15804       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16997       High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11236       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11237       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6485        High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9169        High        
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10029       Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1751        Medium      
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1752        Low         
libc6-dev                     2.19-18+deb8u7              2.19-18+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-1000366     High        
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo-gobject2             1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo-script-interpreter2  1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo2                     1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7475        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9814        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18064       Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6461        Low         
libcairo2-dev                 1.14.0-2.1+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-6462        Low         
libcdt5                       2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libcdt5                       2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libcdt5                       2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libcgraph6                    2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libcilkrts5                   4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libcilkrts5                   4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libcilkrts5                   4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libcomerr2                    1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
libcomerr2                    1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
libcroco3                     0.6.8-3+b1                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7960        Medium      
libcroco3                     0.6.8-3+b1                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7961        Medium      
libcroco3                     0.6.8-3+b1                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8834        Low         
libcroco3                     0.6.8-3+b1                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8871        Low         
libcroco3                     0.6.8-3+b1                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-12825       Low         
libcryptsetup4                2:1.6.6-5                                                     deb     CVE-2016-4484        Negligible  
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2016-3739        Negligible  
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2017-7407        Negligible  
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2020-8177        Unknown     
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8625        Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000120     High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000121     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000122     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-1000301     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-14618       High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7141        Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7167        High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-9586        Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16839       High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16842       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2018-16890       Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3822        High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3823        Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u15                  deb     CVE-2019-5436        Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u16                  deb     CVE-2019-5482        High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000100     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000101     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000254     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000257     Medium      
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8816        High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8817        High        
libcurl3                      7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-1000007     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2016-3739        Negligible  
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2017-7407        Negligible  
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2020-8177        Unknown     
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8625        Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000120     High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000121     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000122     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-1000301     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-14618       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7141        Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7167        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-9586        Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16839       High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16842       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2018-16890       Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3822        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3823        Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u15                  deb     CVE-2019-5436        Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u16                  deb     CVE-2019-5482        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000100     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000101     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000254     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000257     Medium      
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8816        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8817        High        
libcurl3-gnutls               7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-1000007     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2016-3739        Negligible  
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2017-7407        Negligible  
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5                                               deb     CVE-2020-8177        Unknown     
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8625        Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000120     High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000121     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-1000122     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-1000301     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-14618       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7141        Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-7167        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2016-9586        Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16839       High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u13                  deb     CVE-2018-16842       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2018-16890       Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3822        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u14                  deb     CVE-2019-3823        Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u15                  deb     CVE-2019-5436        Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u16                  deb     CVE-2019-5482        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000100     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000101     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-1000254     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000257     Medium      
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8816        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-8817        High        
libcurl4-openssl-dev          7.38.0-4+deb8u5             7.38.0-4+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-1000007     Medium      
libdb5.3                      5.3.28-9                    5.3.28-9+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10140       Medium      
libdb5.3-dev                  5.3.28-9                    5.3.28-9+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10140       Medium      
libdevmapper1.02.1            2:1.02.90-2.2+deb8u1        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8991        Low         
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre-dev              3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2019-18804       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.25.4-4                  3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.25.4-4                  3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.25.4-4                  3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.25.4-4                  3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre-text             3.5.25.4-4                  3.5.25.4-4+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2019-18804       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15142       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15143       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15144       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2019-15145       Medium      
libdjvulibre21                3.5.25.4-4+b1               3.5.25.4-4+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2019-18804       Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-9278        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2020-0181        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2016-6328        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2017-7544        Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2020-0093        Low         
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2020-12767       Low         
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2018-20030       High        
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13112       Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13113       Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13114       Medium      
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2020-0182        Low         
libexif-dev                   0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2020-0198        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-9278        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2020-0181        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2016-6328        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2017-7544        Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2020-0093        Low         
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2020-12767       Low         
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2018-20030       High        
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13112       Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13113       Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2020-13114       Medium      
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2020-0182        Low         
libexif12                     0.6.21-2                    0.6.21-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2020-0198        Medium      
libexpat1                     2.1.0-6+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-0340        Negligible  
libexpat1                     2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2016-9063        High        
libexpat1                     2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-9233        Medium      
libexpat1                     2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-20843       High        
libexpat1                     2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u6                    deb     CVE-2019-15903       Medium      
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-6+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-0340        Negligible  
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2016-9063        High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-9233        Medium      
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-20843       High        
libexpat1-dev                 2.1.0-6+deb8u3              2.1.0-6+deb8u6                    deb     CVE-2019-15903       Medium      
libffi-dev                    3.1-2+b2                    3.1-2+deb8u1                      deb     CVE-2017-1000376     Medium      
libffi6                       3.1-2+b2                    3.1-2+deb8u1                      deb     CVE-2017-1000376     Medium      
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2016-10244       Medium      
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-8105        High        
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-8287        High        
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2015-9290        High        
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9381        Medium      
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9382        Medium      
libfreetype6                  2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9383        Medium      
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2016-10244       Medium      
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-8105        High        
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-8287        High        
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2015-9290        High        
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9381        Medium      
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9382        Medium      
libfreetype6-dev              2.5.2-3+deb8u1              2.5.2-3+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2015-9383        Medium      
libgcc-4.9-dev                4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libgcc-4.9-dev                4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libgcc-4.9-dev                4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libgcc1                       1:4.9.2-10                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libgcc1                       1:4.9.2-10                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libgcc1                       1:4.9.2-10                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libgcrypt20                   1.6.3-2+deb8u2                                                deb     CVE-2018-6829        Negligible  
libgcrypt20                   1.6.3-2+deb8u2              1.6.3-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2017-9526        Medium      
libgcrypt20                   1.6.3-2+deb8u2              1.6.3-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-7526        Medium      
libgcrypt20                   1.6.3-2+deb8u2              1.6.3-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-0495        Low         
libgcrypt20                   1.6.3-2+deb8u2              1.6.3-2+deb8u8                    deb     CVE-2019-13627       Low         
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6363        Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-7890        Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u11                   deb     CVE-2017-6362        Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u12                   deb     CVE-2018-1000222     Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u12                   deb     CVE-2018-5711        Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u12                   deb     CVE-2019-6977        Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u12                   deb     CVE-2019-6978        High        
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u13                   deb     CVE-2019-11038       Medium      
libgd3                        2.1.0-5+deb8u9              2.1.0-5+deb8u14                   deb     CVE-2018-14553       Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-2862        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000422     Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2016-6352        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-2870        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6312        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6313        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-0            2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6314        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-2862        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000422     Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2016-6352        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-2870        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6312        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6313        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-common       2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6314        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2017-2862        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-1000422     Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2016-6352        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-2870        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6312        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6313        Medium      
libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev          2.31.1-2+deb8u5             2.31.1-2+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2017-6314        Medium      
libglib2.0-0                  2.42.1-1+b1                                                   deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-0                  2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-12450       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16428       High        
libglib2.0-0                  2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16429       Medium      
libglib2.0-0                  2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2019-13012       Medium      
libglib2.0-bin                2.42.1-1+b1                                                   deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-bin                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-12450       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16428       High        
libglib2.0-bin                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16429       Medium      
libglib2.0-bin                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2019-13012       Medium      
libglib2.0-data               2.42.1-1                                                      deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-data               2.42.1-1                    2.42.1-1+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-12450       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.42.1-1                    2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16428       High        
libglib2.0-data               2.42.1-1                    2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16429       Medium      
libglib2.0-data               2.42.1-1                    2.42.1-1+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2019-13012       Medium      
libglib2.0-dev                2.42.1-1+b1                                                   deb     CVE-2012-0039        Negligible  
libglib2.0-dev                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-12450       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16428       High        
libglib2.0-dev                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-16429       Medium      
libglib2.0-dev                2.42.1-1+b1                 2.42.1-1+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2019-13012       Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4                                                deb     CVE-2011-3389        Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16868       Low         
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.30-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10844       Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.30-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10845       Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.30-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10846       Low         
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-5334        High        
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-5335        Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-5336        High        
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-5337        High        
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-7869        Medium      
libgnutls-deb0-28             3.3.8-6+deb8u4              3.3.8-6+deb8u6                    deb     CVE-2017-7507        Medium      
libgomp1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libgomp1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libgomp1                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7999        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7771        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7772        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7773        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7774        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7776        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7777        Medium      
libgraphite2-3                1.3.6-1~deb8u1              1.3.10-1~deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7778        High        
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libgraphviz-dev               2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libgssapi-krb5-2              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libgssrpc4                    1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libgvc6                       2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgvc6                       2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libgvc6                       2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libgvpr2                      2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libharfbuzz0b                 0.9.35-2                    0.9.35-2+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2015-8947        High        
libhogweed2                   2.7.1-5+deb8u2              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16869       Low         
libice-dev                    2:1.0.9-1+b1                2:1.0.9-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-2626        Low         
libice6                       2:1.0.9-1+b1                2:1.0.9-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-2626        Low         
libicu52                      52.1-8+deb8u4               52.1-8+deb8u5                     deb     CVE-2017-7867        Medium      
libicu52                      52.1-8+deb8u4               52.1-8+deb8u5                     deb     CVE-2017-7868        Medium      
libicu52                      52.1-8+deb8u4               52.1-8+deb8u6                     deb     CVE-2017-14952       High        
libicu52                      52.1-8+deb8u4               52.1-8+deb8u7                     deb     CVE-2017-15422       Medium      
libicu52                      52.1-8+deb8u4               52.1-8+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2020-10531       Medium      
libidn11                      1.29-1+deb8u2               1.29-1+deb8u3                     deb     CVE-2017-14062       High        
libitm1                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libitm1                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libitm1                       4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-10248       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-8883        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-8887        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9387        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9388        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9389        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9390        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9391        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9392        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9393        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9394        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9395        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9396        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9397        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9398        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9399        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9583        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9600        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-1000050     Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13745       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13746       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13747       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13749       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13750       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13751       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13752       Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5498        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5499        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5500        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5501        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5502        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5504        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5505        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-6850        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-6851        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9055        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9154        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9252        Negligible  
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8886        Low         
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-9557        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14229       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6852        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9782        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19139       Low         
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19543       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-10249       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-10251       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-9591        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2015-5203        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2015-5221        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2016-8690        Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2017-13748       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2017-14132       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-18873       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19539       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19540       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19541       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19542       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20570       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20584       Medium      
libjasper-dev                 1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20622       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-10248       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-8883        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-8887        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9387        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9388        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9389        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9390        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9391        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9392        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9393        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9394        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9395        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9396        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9397        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9398        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9399        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9583        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2016-9600        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-1000050     Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13745       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13746       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13747       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13749       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13750       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13751       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-13752       Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5498        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5499        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5500        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5501        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5502        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5504        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-5505        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-6850        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2017-6851        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9055        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9154        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2                                    deb     CVE-2018-9252        Negligible  
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8886        Low         
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-9557        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-14229       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-6852        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9782        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19139       Low         
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19543       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-10249       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-10251       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u3        deb     CVE-2016-9591        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2015-5203        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2015-5221        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2016-8690        Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2017-13748       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u4        deb     CVE-2017-14132       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-18873       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19539       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19540       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19541       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-19542       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20570       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20584       Medium      
libjasper1                    1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u2  1.900.1-debian1-2.4+deb8u5        deb     CVE-2018-20622       Medium      
libjbig-dev                   2.1-3.1                                                       deb     CVE-2017-9937        Negligible  
libjbig0                      2.1-3.1                                                       deb     CVE-2017-9937        Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-2201        Low         
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-13790       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14152       Low         
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2016-3616        Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11212       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11213       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11214       Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg-dev                   1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-2201        Low         
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-13790       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14152       Low         
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2016-3616        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11212       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11213       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11214       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo               1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2017-15232       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                                                    deb     CVE-2018-11813       Negligible  
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-2201        Low         
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-13790       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14152       Low         
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2016-3616        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11212       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11213       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-11214       Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u1                 deb     CVE-2018-1152        Medium      
libjpeg62-turbo-dev           1:1.3.1-12                  1:1.3.1-12+deb8u2                 deb     CVE-2018-14498       Medium      
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2                                                deb     CVE-2007-2379        Negligible  
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2                                                deb     CVE-2018-18405       Negligible  
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2012-6708        Medium      
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-9251        Medium      
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-7656        Medium      
libjs-jquery                  1.7.2+dfsg-3.2              1.7.2+dfsg-3.2+deb8u6             deb     CVE-2019-11358       Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libk5crypto3                  1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkadm5clnt-mit9             1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkadm5srv-mit9              1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkdb5-7                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5-3                     1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5-dev                   1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2004-0971        Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2017-15088       Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2                                         deb     CVE-2018-5709        Negligible  
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11462       Low         
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5710        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2015-2694        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3119        Low         
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2016-3120        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-11368       Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-20217       Low         
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5729        Medium      
libkrb5support0               1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u2       1.12.1+dfsg-19+deb8u5             deb     CVE-2018-5730        Medium      
liblcms2-2                    2.6-3+deb8u1                2.6-3+deb8u2                      deb     CVE-2018-16435       Medium      
liblcms2-dev                  2.6-3+deb8u1                2.6-3+deb8u2                      deb     CVE-2018-16435       Medium      
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2                                          deb     CVE-2015-3276        Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2                                          deb     CVE-2017-14159       Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2                                          deb     CVE-2017-17740       Negligible  
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2        2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u3              deb     CVE-2017-9287        Medium      
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2        2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2019-13057       Low         
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2        2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2019-13565       Medium      
libldap-2.4-2                 2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u2        2.4.40+dfsg-1+deb8u6              deb     CVE-2020-12243       Medium      
liblsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
liblsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
liblsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libmagic1                     1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u4                deb     CVE-2018-10360       Medium      
libmagic1                     1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2019-8905        Medium      
libmagic1                     1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u5                deb     CVE-2019-8907        Medium      
libmagic1                     1:5.22+15-2+deb8u3          1:5.22+15-2+deb8u6                deb     CVE-2019-18218       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-arch-config   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-2-extra   8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickcore-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickwand-6-headers       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-2         8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickwand-6.q16-dev       8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2005-0406        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2008-3134        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2016-8678        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11166       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11532       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11534       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11536       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11539       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11724       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11751       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11752       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11754       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-11755       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12418       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12427       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12428       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12433       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12564       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12565       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12566       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12641       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12642       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12644       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12654       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12662       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12663       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12664       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12665       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12667       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12668       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12669       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12671       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12672       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12673       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12675       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-12676       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13058       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13059       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13060       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13062       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13131       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13141       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-13146       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14138       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14139       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14324       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14325       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14326       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14342       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14343       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14531       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14533       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-14684       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15032       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15033       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15217       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-15218       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17680       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17880       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17881       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17882       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17883       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17884       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17885       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17886       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17887       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-17934       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18008       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18022       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18027       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18028       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18029       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18251       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-18254       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-6502        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2017-7275        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10804       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-10805       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11655       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-11656       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-13153       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14434       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14435       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14436       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-14437       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-15607       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16640       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-16750       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17965       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17966       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-17967       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18016       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-18544       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5246        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5247        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5357        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-5358        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-6405        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-7470        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2018-9135        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-10649       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12975       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-12976       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13137       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13301       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13309       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13310       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-13311       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16708       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16709       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16710       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16711       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16712       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-16713       Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7175        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7395        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7396        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7397        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6                                            deb     CVE-2019-7398        Negligible  
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12429       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12805       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12806       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-17681       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18252       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10177       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18024       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20467       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7443        Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8804        Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-8960        Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-9133        Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-10131       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11472       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12977       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12978       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-12979       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13300       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13307       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13308       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13391       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-13454       Low         
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-10928       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11141       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11170       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11188       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11360       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11447       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11448       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11449       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11450       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11478       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11505       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11524       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11525       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11526       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11527       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11528       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11529       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-11530       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9261        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9262        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9405        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9407        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9409        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9439        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9440        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u10               deb     CVE-2017-9501        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11352       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-11640       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12431       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12640       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12877       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-12983       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13134       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13139       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13144       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13758       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-13769       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14224       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14607       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14682       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-14989       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-15277       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u11               deb     CVE-2017-16546       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-10995       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11533       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11535       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-11639       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-13143       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17504       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2017-17879       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u12               deb     CVE-2018-5248        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-11251       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12599       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u13               deb     CVE-2018-12600       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16412       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16413       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16642       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16643       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16644       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16645       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u14               deb     CVE-2018-16749       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u15               deb     CVE-2018-18025       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000445     Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-1000476     High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11446       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11523       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-11537       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12140       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12430       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12432       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12435       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12563       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12587       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12643       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12670       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12674       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12691       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12692       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12693       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-12875       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13133       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13142       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13145       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13658       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-13768       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14060       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14172       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14173       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14174       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14175       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14249       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14341       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14400       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14505       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14532       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14624       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14625       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14626       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14739       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-14741       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15015       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15017       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-15281       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17682       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-17914       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18271       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-18273       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2017-9500        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-10650       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11597       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-11598       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u16               deb     CVE-2019-9956        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-12974       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13135       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13295       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13297       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13304       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13305       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u17               deb     CVE-2019-13306       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-11470       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-14981       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15139       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u18               deb     CVE-2019-15140       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19948       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u19               deb     CVE-2019-19949       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10062       Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10144       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10145       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-10146       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2016-8707        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5506        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5507        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5508        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5510        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u7                deb     CVE-2017-5511        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2016-10252       High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6498        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6499        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u8                deb     CVE-2017-6500        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7606        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7619        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7941        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-7943        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8343        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8344        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8345        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8346        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8347        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8348        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8349        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8350        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8351        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8352        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8353        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8354        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8355        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8356        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8357        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8765        High        
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-8830        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9098        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9141        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9142        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9143        Medium      
libmagickwand-dev             8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u6          8:6.8.9.9-5+deb8u9                deb     CVE-2017-9144        Medium      
libmount1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
libmount1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
libmount1                     2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
libmount1                     2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libmount1                     2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5613        Negligible  
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5627        Negligible  
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3302        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3305        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3308        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3309        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3329        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3453        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3456        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3461        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3462        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3463        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3464        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3600        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3635        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3636        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3641        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3648        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3651        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3652        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3653        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10268       Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10378       Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10379       Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10384       Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2562        High        
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2622        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2640        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2665        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2668        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2755        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2761        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2771        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2773        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2781        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2813        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2817        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2818        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2819        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2767        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3058        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3063        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3066        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3070        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3081        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3133        Medium      
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3174        Low         
libmysqlclient-dev            5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3282        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5613        Negligible  
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5627        Negligible  
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3302        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3305        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3308        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3309        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3329        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3453        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3456        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3461        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3462        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3463        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3464        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3600        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3635        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3636        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3641        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3648        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3651        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3652        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3653        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10268       Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10378       Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10379       Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10384       Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2562        High        
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2622        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2640        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2665        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2668        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2755        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2761        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2771        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2773        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2781        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2813        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2817        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2818        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2819        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2767        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3058        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3063        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3066        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3070        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3081        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3133        Medium      
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3174        Low         
libmysqlclient18              5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3282        Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
libncurses5                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
libncurses5-dev               5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
libncursesw5                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
libnettle4                    2.7.1-5+deb8u2              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16869       Low         
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2017-14988       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2018-18443       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2018-18444       Negligible  
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12596       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9110        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9111        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9112        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9113        Low         
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9114        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9115        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9116        Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11758       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11759       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11760       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11761       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11762       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11763       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11764       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11765       Medium      
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15304       Low         
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15305       Low         
libopenexr-dev                1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15306       Low         
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2017-14988       Negligible  
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2018-18443       Negligible  
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                                                       deb     CVE-2018-18444       Negligible  
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12596       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9110        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9111        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9112        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9113        Low         
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9114        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9115        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-9116        Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11758       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11759       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11760       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11761       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11762       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11763       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11764       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-11765       Medium      
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15304       Low         
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15305       Low         
libopenexr6                   1.6.1-8                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-15306       Low         
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libpathplan4                  2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-3217        Medium      
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7186        Medium      
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7244        Medium      
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre3                      2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-3217        Medium      
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7186        Medium      
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7244        Medium      
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcre3-dev                  2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-11164       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2017-16231       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4                                             deb     CVE-2019-20838       Negligible  
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-3217        Medium      
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7186        Medium      
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7244        Medium      
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7245        Negligible  
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-7246        Negligible  
libpcrecpp0                   2:8.35-3.3+deb8u4           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-14155       Medium      
libpixman-1-0                 0.32.6-3                    0.32.6-3+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2015-5297        High        
libpixman-1-dev               0.32.6-3                    0.32.6-3+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2015-5297        High        
libpng12-0                    1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-14048       Negligible  
libpng12-0                    1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-14550       Negligible  
libpng12-0                    1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2019-6129        Negligible  
libpng12-dev                  1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-14048       Negligible  
libpng12-dev                  1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2018-14550       Negligible  
libpng12-dev                  1.2.50-2+deb8u3                                               deb     CVE-2019-6129        Negligible  
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2019-9193        Negligible  
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1053        Low         
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1058        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7484        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7485        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7486        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7546        High        
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7547        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7548        Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.15-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-12172       High        
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.15-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-15098       Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.19-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10915       Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.24-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-10208       Medium      
libpq-dev                     9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.26-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2020-1720        Low         
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2019-9193        Negligible  
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1053        Low         
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1058        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7484        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7485        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.12-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7486        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7546        High        
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7547        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.13-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-7548        Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.15-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-12172       High        
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.15-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-15098       Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.19-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-10915       Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.24-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2019-10208       Medium      
libpq5                        9.4.10-0+deb8u1             9.4.26-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2020-1720        Low         
libprocps3                    2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1122        Medium      
libprocps3                    2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1123        Medium      
libprocps3                    2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1124        Medium      
libprocps3                    2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1125        Medium      
libprocps3                    2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1126        High        
libpython-stdlib              2.7.9-1                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2016-1000110     Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8492        High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-1000158     High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1000802     High        
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1060        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1061        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2018-14647       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython2.7-minimal          2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2016-1000110     Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8492        High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-1000158     High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1000802     High        
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1060        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1061        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2018-14647       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
libpython2.7-stdlib           2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       Medium      
libquadmath0                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libquadmath0                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libquadmath0                  4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
librsvg2-2                    2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6163        Medium      
librsvg2-2                    2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
librsvg2-common               2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6163        Medium      
librsvg2-common               2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
librsvg2-dev                  2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6163        Medium      
librsvg2-dev                  2.40.5-1+deb8u2             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20446       Medium      
librtmp1                      2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1   2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1+deb8u1  deb     CVE-2015-8270        Medium      
librtmp1                      2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1   2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1+deb8u1  deb     CVE-2015-8271        High        
librtmp1                      2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1   2.4+20150115.gita107cef-1+deb8u1  deb     CVE-2015-8272        Medium      
libsasl2-2                    2.1.26.dfsg1-13+deb8u1      2.1.26.dfsg1-13+deb8u2            deb     CVE-2019-19906       Medium      
libsasl2-modules-db           2.1.26.dfsg1-13+deb8u1      2.1.26.dfsg1-13+deb8u2            deb     CVE-2019-19906       Medium      
libsmartcols1                 2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
libsmartcols1                 2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
libsmartcols1                 2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
libsmartcols1                 2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libsmartcols1                 2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2                                              deb     CVE-2017-13685       Negligible  
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2                                              deb     CVE-2020-11656       Negligible  
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20506       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16168       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-19603       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-19645       Low         
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20218       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-5827        Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-8457        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-13631       Low         
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2018-20346       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-10989       High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2518        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2519        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2520        High        
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2018-8740        Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2020-11655       Medium      
libsqlite3-0                  3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2020-13434       Low         
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2                                              deb     CVE-2017-13685       Negligible  
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2                                              deb     CVE-2020-11656       Negligible  
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20506       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16168       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-19603       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-19645       Low         
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20218       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-5827        Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-8457        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-13631       Low         
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2018-20346       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-10989       High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2518        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2519        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-2520        High        
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2018-8740        Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2020-11655       Medium      
libsqlite3-dev                3.8.7.1-1+deb8u2            3.8.7.1-1+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2020-13434       Low         
libss2                        1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2019-5094        Medium      
libss2                        1.42.12-2+b1                1.42.12-2+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-5188        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3855        High        
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3856        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3857        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3858        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3861        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3862        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2019-3863        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2019-13115       Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2019-3859        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2019-3860        Medium      
libssh2-1                     1.4.3-4.1+deb8u1            1.4.3-4.1+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2019-17498       Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-0734        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-0735        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-5407        Low         
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2019-1559        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1547        Low         
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1563        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-3735        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2018-0739        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0732        Medium      
libssl-dev                    1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0737        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-0734        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-0735        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-5407        Low         
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2019-1559        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1547        Low         
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1563        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-3735        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2018-0739        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0732        Medium      
libssl1.0.0                   1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0737        Medium      
libstdc++-4.9-dev             4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libstdc++-4.9-dev             4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libstdc++-4.9-dev             4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libstdc++6                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libstdc++6                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libstdc++6                    4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libsvn1                       1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-8734        Medium      
libsvn1                       1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2017-9800        High        
libsvn1                       1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2018-11782       Medium      
libsvn1                       1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2019-0203        Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u10                    deb     CVE-2019-6454        Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u11                    deb     CVE-2019-3815        Low         
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2017-18078       Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2019-3842        Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15688       High        
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16864       Medium      
libsystemd0                   215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16865       Medium      
libtasn1-6                    4.2-3+deb8u2                                                  deb     CVE-2018-1000654     Negligible  
libtasn1-6                    4.2-3+deb8u2                4.2-3+deb8u3                      deb     CVE-2017-6891        Medium      
libtasn1-6                    4.2-3+deb8u2                4.2-3+deb8u4                      deb     CVE-2017-10790       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2010-2596        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8127        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-10268       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-9539        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-7313        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5360        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2017-17095       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-12900       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-18661       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-17546       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-6128        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10266       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10267       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10269       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10270       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-3658        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-9535        High        
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-5225        High        
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7592        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7593        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7594        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7595        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7596        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7597        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7598        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7599        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7600        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7601        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7602        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2015-7554        High        
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2016-10095       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-10688       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9147        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9403        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9404        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9815        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9936        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2016-10371       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-11335       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-12944       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13726       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13727       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-18013       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-9935        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2018-17795       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2017-11613       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-10963       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-16335       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-5784        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-7456        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-8905        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17100       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17101       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-18557       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiff5                      4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u9                 deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2010-2596        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8127        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-10268       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-9539        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-7313        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5360        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2017-17095       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-12900       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-18661       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-17546       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-6128        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10266       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10267       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10269       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10270       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-3658        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-9535        High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-5225        High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7592        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7593        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7594        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7595        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7596        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7597        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7598        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7599        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7600        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7601        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7602        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2015-7554        High        
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2016-10095       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-10688       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9147        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9403        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9404        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9815        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9936        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2016-10371       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-11335       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-12944       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13726       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13727       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-18013       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-9935        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2018-17795       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2017-11613       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-10963       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-16335       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-5784        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-7456        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-8905        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17100       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17101       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-18557       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiff5-dev                  4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u9                 deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2010-2596        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8127        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2014-8130        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-10268       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2016-9539        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-16232       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-17973       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-5563        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2017-9117        Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2                                             deb     CVE-2018-10126       Negligible  
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-7313        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-5360        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2017-17095       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-12900       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2018-18661       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-17546       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u10                deb     CVE-2019-6128        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10266       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10267       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10269       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-10270       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-3658        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2016-9535        High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-5225        High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7592        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7593        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7594        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7595        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7596        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7597        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7598        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7599        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7600        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7601        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u3                 deb     CVE-2017-7602        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2015-7554        High        
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2016-10095       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-10688       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9147        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9403        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9404        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9815        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u4                 deb     CVE-2017-9936        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2016-10371       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-11335       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-12944       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13726       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-13727       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-18013       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2017-9935        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u5                 deb     CVE-2018-17795       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2017-11613       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-10963       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-16335       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-5784        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-7456        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u6                 deb     CVE-2018-8905        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17100       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-17101       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u7                 deb     CVE-2018-18557       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-17000       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2018-19210       Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u8                 deb     CVE-2019-7663        Medium      
libtiffxx5                    4.0.3-12.3+deb8u2           4.0.3-12.3+deb8u9                 deb     CVE-2019-14973       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
libtinfo-dev                  5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
libtinfo5                     5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
libtsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libtsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libtsan0                      4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libubsan0                     4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5276        Medium      
libubsan0                     4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-11671       Low         
libubsan0                     4.9.2-10                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12886       Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u10                    deb     CVE-2019-6454        Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u11                    deb     CVE-2019-3815        Low         
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2017-18078       Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2019-3842        Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15688       High        
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16864       Medium      
libudev1                      215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16865       Medium      
libuuid1                      2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
libuuid1                      2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
libuuid1                      2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
libuuid1                      2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
libuuid1                      2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                                                       deb     CVE-2015-1258        High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                                                       deb     CVE-2015-4506        Negligible  
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                                                       deb     CVE-2017-0641        Negligible  
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-3881        High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6711        High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-6712        High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-0393        High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     1.3.0-3+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2017-13194       High        
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     1.3.0-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9232        Medium      
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     1.3.0-3+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2019-9433        Medium      
libvpx1                       1.3.0-3                     1.3.0-3+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2020-0034        High        
libwebp-dev                   0.4.1-1.2+b2                                                  deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebp5                      0.4.1-1.2+b2                                                  deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebpdemux1                 0.4.1-1.2+b2                                                  deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwebpmux1                   0.4.1-1.2+b2                                                  deb     CVE-2016-9085        Negligible  
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3476        Low         
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3477        Low         
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3996        Medium      
libwmf-dev                    0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2009-3546        Medium      
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3476        Low         
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3477        Low         
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2007-3996        Medium      
libwmf0.2-7                   0.2.8.4-10.3+deb8u2                                           deb     CVE-2009-3546        Medium      
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7942        High        
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7943        High        
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14598       Medium      
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14599       High        
libx11-6                      2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14600       High        
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7942        High        
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7943        High        
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14598       Medium      
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14599       High        
libx11-data                   2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14600       High        
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7942        High        
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2016-7943        High        
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14598       Medium      
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14599       High        
libx11-dev                    2:1.6.2-3                   2:1.6.2-3+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2018-14600       High        
libxdmcp-dev                  1:1.1.1-1+b1                1:1.1.1-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-2625        Low         
libxdmcp6                     1:1.1.1-1+b1                1:1.1.1-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-2625        Low         
libxdot4                      2.38.0-7                                                      deb     CVE-2019-11023       Negligible  
libxdot4                      2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10196       Low         
libxdot4                      2.38.0-7                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9904        Low         
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4448        High        
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-9318        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16932       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-5130        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-5969        Low         
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8872        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20388       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-7595        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-0663        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-16931       High        
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-7375        High        
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-7376        High        
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9047        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9048        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9049        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9050        Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u6              deb     CVE-2017-15412       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2017-18258       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2018-14404       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2018-14567       Medium      
libxml2                       2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u8              deb     CVE-2019-19956       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-4448        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-9318        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16932       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-5130        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-5969        Low         
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-8872        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-20388       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-7595        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-0663        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-16931       High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-7375        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-7376        High        
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9047        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9048        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9049        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u5              deb     CVE-2017-9050        Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u6              deb     CVE-2017-15412       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2017-18258       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2018-14404       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u7              deb     CVE-2018-14567       Medium      
libxml2-dev                   2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u4        2.9.1+dfsg1-5+deb8u8              deb     CVE-2019-19956       Medium      
libxrender-dev                1:0.9.8-1+b1                (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-7949        Low         
libxrender-dev                1:0.9.8-1+b1                (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-7950        Low         
libxrender1                   1:0.9.8-1+b1                (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-7949        Low         
libxrender1                   1:0.9.8-1+b1                (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-7950        Low         
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2                                               deb     CVE-2015-9019        Negligible  
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2017-5029        Medium      
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2019-11068       High        
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-4609        High        
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-4610        High        
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13117       Medium      
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13118       Medium      
libxslt1-dev                  1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2019-18197       Medium      
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2                                               deb     CVE-2015-9019        Negligible  
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u3                   deb     CVE-2017-5029        Medium      
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u4                   deb     CVE-2019-11068       High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-4609        High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-4610        High        
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13117       Medium      
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2019-13118       Medium      
libxslt1.1                    1.1.28-2+deb8u2             1.1.28-2+deb8u6                   deb     CVE-2019-18197       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2004-0230        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2005-3660        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2007-3719        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2008-2544        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2008-4609        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2010-4563        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2010-5321        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2011-4915        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2011-4917        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2012-4542        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2014-3180        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2014-9892        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2014-9900        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-2877        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-4001        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-4002        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-4003        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-4004        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-7837        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-7885        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-8967        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2015-9289        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2016-10723       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2016-10764       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2016-10906       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2016-3857        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2016-9120        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-0630        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-11472       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-12762       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-13168       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-13693       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-13694       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-13695       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-18255       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-5967        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-9725        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-9984        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-9985        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2017-9986        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-1121        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-12928       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-17977       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-20669       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-3693        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2018-9465        Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-11191       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12378       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12379       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12380       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12381       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12382       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12455       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12456       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12614       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12615       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-12984       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-13648       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16229       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16230       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16231       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16232       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16233       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-16234       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-17351       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-18808       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19036       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19039       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19046       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19049       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19054       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19060       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19061       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19063       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19064       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19067       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19070       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19073       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19074       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19075       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19318       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19377       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19378       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19448       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19449       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19770       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19813       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19814       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19815       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-19816       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-20794       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-20810       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2019-20812       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-0030        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-10766       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-10767       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-10768       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-10773       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-11725       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-12655       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-12656       Negligible  
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-12771       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-12888       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-13974       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-14304       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-14305       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1                                              deb     CVE-2020-15393       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2013-7445        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9717        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-8553        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-8952        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2853        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2854        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-3139        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-10662       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-10663       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-18249       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-5972        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000026     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10087       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10124       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-10322       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1120        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1128        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12207       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12929       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12930       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-12931       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-13095       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-13096       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-13097       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-13099       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-13100       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-14614       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-18021       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-20509       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-3646        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7273        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7754        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-11487       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17075       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-18660       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-2054        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-2213        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-3874        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9245        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9444        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9445        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9453        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-0067        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10732       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2016-9588        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-2636        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-5669        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-5986        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-6214        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-6345        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-6346        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-6348        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.39-1+deb8u2                  deb     CVE-2017-6353        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-10044       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-10200       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-10208       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-2188        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-6213        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2016-9604        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15102       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-2647        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-2671        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-6951        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7184        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7261        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7273        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7294        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7308        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7472        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7616        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-1                         deb     CVE-2017-7618        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-1000364     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-1000379     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-7487        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-7645        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-7895        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-8064        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-8890        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-8924        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-8925        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-9074        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-9075        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-9076        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-9077        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-9242        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2014-9940        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-1000363     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-1000365     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-10911       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-11176       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7346        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7482        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7533        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7541        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7542        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-7889        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u3                  deb     CVE-2017-9605        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u4                  deb     CVE-2017-1000        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000111     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000112     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000251     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000370     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000371     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-1000380     Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-10661       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-11600       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-12134       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-12153       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-12154       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14051       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14106       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14140       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14156       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14340       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-14489       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.43-2+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2017-7518        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.48-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15274       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.48-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18221       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.48-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18360       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-0786        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-1000405     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-11089       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-11473       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-12190       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-12192       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-12193       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-13080       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15115       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15265       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15299       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-15649       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16525       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16527       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16529       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16530       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16531       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16532       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16533       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16535       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16536       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16537       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16643       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16649       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16650       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18079       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2017-8831        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10675       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9517        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-1000407     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-1000410     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-15868       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-16538       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-16939       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17448       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17449       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17450       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17558       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17741       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17805       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17806       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-17807       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-5754        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.51-3+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2017-8824        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2015-9016        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-0861        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-13166       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-13216       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-13220       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16526       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16645       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16911       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16912       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16913       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-16914       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18017       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18203       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18216       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18232       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18241       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18270       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18344       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18551       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18595       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1000004     High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1000199     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1068        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1092        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-18386       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-18559       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5332        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5333        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5750        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5803        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-6927        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7492        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7566        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7740        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7757        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7995        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-8781        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2018-8822        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9454        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1087        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-7191        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.56-1+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-8897        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18208       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2017-5715        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1000204     Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1066        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10853       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1093        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10940       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-1130        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-11506       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-12233       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-20510       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-3665        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5814        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-6412        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9422        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9518        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.57-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9456        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10021       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10323       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10876       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10877       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10878       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10879       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10880       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10881       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10882       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10883       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-10902       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-13093       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-13094       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-13405       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-13406       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14609       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14617       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14633       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14634       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14678       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14734       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-15572       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-15594       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-16276       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-16658       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-17182       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-3620        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5391        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-6554        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-6555        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-7755        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9363        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9516        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.59-1                         deb     CVE-2018-9568        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2016-10741       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2017-13305       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2017-5753        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-12896       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-13053       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-16862       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-16884       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-17972       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-18281       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-18690       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-18710       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-19824       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-19985       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-20169       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-20511       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-3639        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5848        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5953        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-18675       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3701        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3819        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-6974        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-7221        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-7222        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9213        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.64-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9458        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2018-12126       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2018-12127       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2018-12130       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2018-5995        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-11091       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-11190       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-11486       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-11599       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-12818       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-12819       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15927       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-2024        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3459        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3460        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3882        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3901        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-6133        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9503        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-1                         deb     CVE-2020-10769       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-10126       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11477       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11478       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11479       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11810       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11833       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-11884       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-3846        High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.68-2                         deb     CVE-2019-5489        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-10142       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-10639       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-13272       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15916       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-16413       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.70-1                         deb     CVE-2019-2101        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2017-18509       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2018-20836       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-10207       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-10638       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-1125        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-13631       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14283       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14284       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15214       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15216       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15239       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15666       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-20054       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-20096       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-20811       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.72-1                         deb     CVE-2019-3900        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2016-10905       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2018-20976       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2018-21008       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-0136        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14814       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14815       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14816       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14821       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14835       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15117       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15118       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15211       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15212       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15215       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15218       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15219       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15220       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15221       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15292       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15807       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15917       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15926       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.74-1                         deb     CVE-2019-9506        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.76-1                         deb     CVE-2019-0154        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.76-1                         deb     CVE-2019-11135       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.76-1                         deb     CVE-2020-10720       Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-10220       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14895       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14896       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14897       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-14901       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15098       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15217       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15291       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-15505       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-16746       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17052       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17053       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17054       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17055       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17056       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17133       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-17666       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-18806       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19051       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19052       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19056       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19057       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19062       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19066       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19227       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19332       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19523       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19524       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19527       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19530       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19531       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19532       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19533       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19534       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19536       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19537       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19767       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19922       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19947       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19965       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19966       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.81-1                         deb     CVE-2019-2215        Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2015-8839        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14610       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14611       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14612       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2018-14613       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19319       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19447       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2019-19768       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2019-20636       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2019-5108        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-0009        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-0543        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-10690       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-10751       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-10942       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-11494       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-11565       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-11608       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-11609       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-11668       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12114       Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12464       High        
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12652       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12653       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12654       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12769       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12770       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-12826       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-13143       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-14416       Medium      
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-1749        Unknown     
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-2732        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-8647        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-8648        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-8649        Low         
linux-libc-dev                3.16.39-1+deb8u1            3.16.84-1                         deb     CVE-2020-9383        Low         
login                         1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2007-5686        Negligible  
login                         1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-4235        Negligible  
login                         1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-19882       Negligible  
login                         1:4.2-3+deb8u3              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12424       High        
login                         1:4.2-3+deb8u3              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7169        Low         
m4                            1.4.17-4                                                      deb     CVE-2008-1687        Negligible  
m4                            1.4.17-4                                                      deb     CVE-2008-1688        Negligible  
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2014-9390        Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2014-9462        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2016-3068        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2016-3069        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2016-3105        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2016-3630        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2017-1000115     High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2017-1000116     Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2017-17458       Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2017-9462        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2018-1000132     Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2018-13346       High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2018-13347       Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2018-13348       High        
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2018-17983       Critical    
mercurial                     3.1.2                                                         python  CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
mercurial                     3.1.2                       4.1.3                             python  GHSA-ghjx-3jg5-h6r2  High        
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-1000115     Medium      
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-1000116     High        
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-9462        High        
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-1000132     Medium      
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13346       Medium      
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13347       High        
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13348       Medium      
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u6                    deb     CVE-2017-17458       High        
mercurial                     3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u7                    deb     CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-1000115     Medium      
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2017-1000116     High        
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2017-9462        High        
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-1000132     Medium      
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13346       Medium      
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13347       High        
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2018-13348       Medium      
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u6                    deb     CVE-2017-17458       High        
mercurial-common              3.1.2-2+deb8u3              3.1.2-2+deb8u7                    deb     CVE-2019-3902        Medium      
mount                         2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
mount                         2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
mount                         2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
mount                         2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
mount                         2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4051        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4052        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2010-4756        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2015-8985        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2018-20796       Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010022     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010023     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010024     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-1010025     Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-6488        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-7309        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7                                                deb     CVE-2019-9192        Negligible  
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2009-5155        Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2014-9761        High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2015-5180        Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10228       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-10739       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000408     High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-1000409     Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12132       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12133       Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15670       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15671       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-15804       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-16997       High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-1000001     High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11236       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-11237       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6485        High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-9169        High        
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-10029       Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1751        Medium      
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-1752        Low         
multiarch-support             2.19-18+deb8u7              2.19-18+deb8u10                   deb     CVE-2017-1000366     High        
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5613        Negligible  
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2012-5627        Negligible  
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3302        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3305        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3308        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3309        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3329        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3453        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3456        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3461        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3462        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3463        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3464        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.55-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3600        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3635        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3636        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3641        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3648        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3651        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3652        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.57-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-3653        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10268       Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10378       Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10379       Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.58-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2017-10384       Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2562        High        
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2622        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2640        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2665        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.59-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2668        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2755        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2761        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2771        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2773        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2781        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2813        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2817        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2818        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.60-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2819        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-2767        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3058        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3063        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3066        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3070        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3081        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3133        Medium      
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3174        Low         
mysql-common                  5.5.54-0+deb8u1             5.5.62-0+deb8u1                   deb     CVE-2018-3282        Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
ncurses-base                  5.9+20140913-1              5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-19211       Low         
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17594       Low         
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-17595       Low         
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10684       High        
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-10685       High        
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11112       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-11113       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13728       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13729       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13730       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13731       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13732       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13733       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2017-13734       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2018-19217       Medium      
ncurses-bin                   5.9+20140913-1+b1           5.9+20140913-1+deb8u3             deb     CVE-2017-16879       Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2007-2243        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2007-2768        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2008-3234        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2016-10010       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2019-6110        Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2020-12062       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3                                              deb     CVE-2020-14145       Negligible  
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-8858        High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-15919       Low         
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u5                  deb     CVE-2018-15473       Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2015-5352        Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2015-5600        High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2015-6563        Low         
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2015-6564        Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-10009       High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-10011       Low         
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-10012       High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-10708       Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-1908        High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-3115        Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2016-6515        High        
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u6                  deb     CVE-2017-15906       Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u8                  deb     CVE-2018-20685       Low         
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u8                  deb     CVE-2019-6109        Medium      
openssh-client                1:6.7p1-5+deb8u3            1:6.7p1-5+deb8u8                  deb     CVE-2019-6111        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2007-6755        Negligible  
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2010-0928        Negligible  
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-0734        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-0735        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-5407        Low         
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2019-1559        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1547        Low         
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2019-1563        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-3735        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u8                   deb     CVE-2018-0739        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0732        Medium      
openssl                       1.0.1t-1+deb8u6             1.0.1t-1+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2018-0737        Medium      
openssl                       2.0.2                                                         gem     CVE-2018-16395       Critical    
passwd                        1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2007-5686        Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2013-4235        Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.2-3+deb8u3                                                deb     CVE-2019-19882       Negligible  
passwd                        1:4.2-3+deb8u3              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2017-12424       High        
passwd                        1:4.2-3+deb8u3              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-7169        Low         
patch                         2.7.5-1                                                       deb     CVE-2010-4651        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1                                                       deb     CVE-2016-10713       Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-6951        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1                                                       deb     CVE-2018-6952        Negligible  
patch                         2.7.5-1                     2.7.5-1+deb8u1                    deb     CVE-2018-1000156     Medium      
patch                         2.7.5-1                     2.7.5-1+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2019-13636       Medium      
patch                         2.7.5-1                     2.7.5-1+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2018-20969       High        
patch                         2.7.5-1                     2.7.5-1+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-13638       High        
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10543       Medium      
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-12723       Medium      
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6797        High        
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-6913        High        
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-12015       Medium      
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-18311       High        
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-6512        Medium      
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12837       Medium      
perl                          5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12883       Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10543       Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-12723       Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6797        High        
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-6913        High        
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-12015       Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-18311       High        
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-6512        Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12837       Medium      
perl-base                     5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12883       Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2011-4116        Negligible  
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10543       Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-10878       High        
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6                                               deb     CVE-2020-12723       Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6797        High        
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u10                  deb     CVE-2018-6913        High        
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u11                  deb     CVE-2018-12015       Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u12                  deb     CVE-2018-18311       High        
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2017-6512        Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12837       Medium      
perl-modules                  5.20.2-3+deb8u6             5.20.2-3+deb8u9                   deb     CVE-2017-12883       Medium      
procps                        2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1122        Medium      
procps                        2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1123        Medium      
procps                        2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1124        Medium      
procps                        2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1125        Medium      
procps                        2:3.3.9-9                   2:3.3.9-9+deb8u1                  deb     CVE-2018-1126        High        
python                        2.7.9-1                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
python-bzrlib                 2.6.0+bzr6595-6             2.6.0+bzr6595-6+deb8u1            deb     CVE-2017-14176       High        
python-minimal                2.7.9-1                                                       deb     CVE-2008-4108        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2016-1000110     Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8492        High        
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-1000158     High        
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1000802     High        
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1060        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1061        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2018-14647       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python2.7                     2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2013-7040        Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2016-1000110     Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2017-17522       Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2018-1000030     Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-18348       Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1                                                deb     CVE-2019-9674        Negligible  
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2019-16935       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2020-8492        High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2017-1000158     High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1000802     High        
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1060        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u2                    deb     CVE-2018-1061        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2018-14647       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-5010        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9636        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9740        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9947        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u3                    deb     CVE-2019-9948        Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u4                    deb     CVE-2018-20852       Medium      
python2.7-minimal             2.7.9-2+deb8u1              2.7.9-2+deb8u5                    deb     CVE-2019-16056       Medium      
rake                          12.0.0                                                        gem     CVE-2020-8130        Medium      
rake                          12.0.0                      12.3.3                            gem     GHSA-jppv-gw3r-w3q8  Medium      
rdoc                          5.0.0                                                         gem     CVE-2021-31799       High        
rdoc                          5.0.0                       6.3.1                             gem     GHSA-ggxm-pgc9-g7fp  High        
rubygems-update               2.6.10                      2.7.9                             gem     GHSA-3h4r-pjv6-cph9  High        
rubygems-update               2.6.10                      2.7.9                             gem     GHSA-4wm8-fjv7-j774  High        
rubygems-update               2.6.10                      2.7.9                             gem     GHSA-76wm-422q-92mq  High        
rubygems-update               2.6.10                      2.7.9                             gem     GHSA-fr32-gr5c-xq5c  High        
rubygems-update               2.6.10                      2.7.9                             gem     GHSA-mh37-8c3g-3fgc  High        
sensible-utils                0.0.9                       0.0.9+deb8u1                      deb     CVE-2017-17512       Medium      
subversion                    1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2016-8734        Medium      
subversion                    1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u5                   deb     CVE-2017-9800        High        
subversion                    1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2018-11782       Medium      
subversion                    1.8.10-6+deb8u4             1.8.10-6+deb8u7                   deb     CVE-2019-0203        Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u10                    deb     CVE-2019-6454        Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u11                    deb     CVE-2019-3815        Low         
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2017-18078       Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2019-3842        Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15688       High        
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16864       Medium      
systemd                       215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16865       Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u10                    deb     CVE-2019-6454        Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u11                    deb     CVE-2019-3815        Low         
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2017-18078       Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2019-3842        Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15688       High        
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16864       Medium      
systemd-sysv                  215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16865       Medium      
tar                           1.27.1-2+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2005-2541        Negligible  
tar                           1.27.1-2+deb8u1                                               deb     CVE-2019-9923        Negligible  
tar                           1.27.1-2+deb8u1             1.27.1-2+deb8u2                   deb     CVE-2018-20482       Low         
tzinfo                        1.2.2                                                         gem     CVE-2022-31163       High        
tzinfo                        1.2.2                       1.2.10                            gem     GHSA-5cm2-9h8c-rvfx  High        
udev                          215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2013-4392        Negligible  
udev                          215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2019-20386       Negligible  
udev                          215-17+deb8u6                                                 deb     CVE-2020-13776       Negligible  
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-16888       Low         
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2018-6954        Low         
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u10                    deb     CVE-2019-6454        Medium      
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u11                    deb     CVE-2019-3815        Low         
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2017-18078       Medium      
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u12                    deb     CVE-2019-3842        Medium      
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-1049        Medium      
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15686       High        
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u8                     deb     CVE-2018-15688       High        
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16864       Medium      
udev                          215-17+deb8u6               215-17+deb8u9                     deb     CVE-2018-16865       Medium      
util-linux                    2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5218        Negligible  
util-linux                    2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2015-5224        Negligible  
util-linux                    2.25.2-6                                                      deb     CVE-2017-2616        Medium      
util-linux                    2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-2779        High        
util-linux                    2.25.2-6                    (won't fix)                       deb     CVE-2016-5011        Medium      
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u2                     deb     CVE-2017-6508        Medium      
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u4                     deb     CVE-2017-13089       High        
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u4                     deb     CVE-2017-13090       High        
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u5                     deb     CVE-2018-0494        Medium      
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u6                     deb     CVE-2019-5953        High        
wget                          1.16-1+deb8u1               1.16-1+deb8u7                     deb     CVE-2016-7098        Medium      
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9840        Medium      
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9841        High        
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9842        Medium      
zlib1g                        1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9843        High        
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9840        Medium      
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9841        High        
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9842        Medium      
zlib1g-dev                    1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+b1           1:1.2.8.dfsg-2+deb8u1             deb     CVE-2016-9843        High        
